Lee Mellott "SEOmenu2go"
B0007D6V8U
Power 90 is a 90 day program for men and women designed to transform your booty from NOT to HOT! The system includes 2 DVD's, a transformation tracker (paper calender to record your progress), descriptive booklet and guide to healthy eating.To begin the program you record your weight and measurements. Then push play with Tony the instructor in your DVD player. You alternate between circuit days and cardio/abs days. The circuit days include exercises such as heavy pants, push ups, one arm triceps, bicep curls, back flys, lunges and more. The cardio/abs day includes kickboxing, leg raises, ab work and more. As you progress you move from the first DVD to the progressively harder second DVD. One very nice feature is each session is only about 30-40 minutes long. As the Beachbody company says from "power to shower in under an hour". Another great feature is the use of a sidebar on your picture screen. As you complete each exercise the color changes so you can view your time and progress.Tony the instructor is a peppy guy with a sense of humor but not overdone. He is accompanied by a man and a woman in each set. Cueing is good with modifications suggested for those who need it. You may do the workout with free weights or purchase bands from the company. The bands are heavy duty and in my opinion make the workout much more difficult but may put strain on the back.A simple diet guide is included in the program. Called "Michi's ladder" it suggests good foods to select from and eat most of the time. This is a simple brochure and more information is needed. To transform your body exercise is very important but what you eat counts A LOT! Not enough attention is paid to this.Beachbody also recommends supplements which they sell of course. They claim that these will enhance your workout and help you achieve the body of your dreams at a much more rapid pace. However, when I checked into it, I found the studies they had done were limited and incomplete. Many of the ingredients are unproven. I would think twice about purchasing them. A "commercial" for the supplements is included on all Beachbody tapes.I checked out the website over a period of several months and found a number of people who were happily shrinking in size and weight or gaining muscle. Many posted their pictures. Conversely, I also saw many who posted pictures and slowly faded from sight dropping out of the program, leaving their "befores" but no "afters" for all to see in cyberspace!I really think the exercise program can be very effective, but it is repetitious. Day after day you will for 90 days be doing the same thing. But its a boot camp. For those who want to kick a** and don't mind repetition - this may be the ticket. Those who want to try it should also check out the free message boards at the companies beachbody.com web site.Others may want to go with something simpler. Whatever you do, if you opt to go for it..stick with it a while before you post those "before" pictures just in case you never make it to the "after" stage!
139/145
4.0
1107820800
B0006F157G
"French Style - How to Think, Shop and Dress Like a French Woman" was published by Express (the clothing store) in 1993. The book design is unusual. It is a an oversized 10" by 9" soft cover book with a stiff book jacket cover making it a cross between a hard cover and soft cover book.The text is illustrated with line drawings and a number of photographs (mostly black and white). It helps you learn to THINK like a French woman. It will help you learn to make the decisions a French woman would when shopping, dressing, playing and more.French woman are known for their chic appearance and attitude. Within these pages Vienne who was born and raised in France conveys what it is that makes the French woman so stylish. She begins by looking to the past. A look at how the French fashion evolved. Then she shares the purebred classics that make the French look - items such as the supreme black turtleneck, hermes scarf, red gloves etc.Vienne encourages you to "epater les bourgeois" that is shock say a French matron. Here is where you wear things that will raise the eyebrow such as a sweater turned inside out, sunglasses in the rain etc. As Vienne says "you cannot have style without breaking the rules". Take what you have and add little twists to make it special and give it style.In the States we dress "appropriately" in France a French woman will push buttons - be surprising and fresh.Vienne gives a list of "do's" and "don'ts" and she gets into "Le Shopping". Armed with more attitude than cash the French woman will use her wits and savvy to find the very best.Like the design itself this book is very unusual. Not your usual dress like this fare. This is a book that goes beyond the obvious of what is style and helps explain the mystery of how to make style yours.French style is not a trend, it's a way of life. A way of thinking and feeling. Veronique captures that in this book!Lee Mellott
58/59
5.0
1104883200
1893162079
If you are a Peanut Butter and Jelly type person, this is not the book for you. These are simple to prepare recipes but geared to the refined palate.30 page booklet has 30 recipes including; Eggplants stuffed with tomato and mozzarella cheese, Parcels of salmon fillet with a puree of green peppers, Red mullet with mediterranean vegetables, Duck breasts in green pepper sauce, Creme brulee, Chocolate truffles, Terrine of foie gras, Fillet steaks with mushrooms etc.The beauty of these recipes is that when eaten according to MONTIGNAC's rules you will not gain weight!Each recipe lists ingredients, servings, preparation time, and cooking time. No nutritional information ie calories, fat etc. is listed. There a few color photographs but not many. Preperation time ranges from as few as 5minutes for Baked Eggs with Scampi to 1 and 1/2 hours for Whole Meal Gnocchi served with a Tomato and Basil coulis.Montignac's eating program is NOT explained in this small recipe booklet. But he does have a one page listing of the glycemic index at the back and on another page he lists food ideas for a MONTIGNAC party!MONTIGNAC also has another cookbook, which is larger with more recipes. I would select that one first and if you want more recipes with a gourmet flair order this one also!
9/9
3.0
1011225600
0942540042
In this book &quot;Diets Still Don't Work&quot; Bob Schwartz, PHDteaches you why diets dont work, what the diet mentality is, why youmay not be able to keep weight off and more. You complete a number ofwritten exercises. These are designed to help you realize the reasonsyou have excess weight and your attitudes towards eating. As youprogress through the book you learn the habits of naturally slimpeople and how you can mimic these behaviors so they become secondnature and you too will be naturally slim! By the end of the book youhave a list of goals to accomplish other than focusing on weight, knowhow to naturally lose weight and keep it off and decide if you areready to make the commitment. This book published in 1990 is thesequel to Bob's original book &quot;Diets Don't Work&quot;. Bob hassince updated and revised the &quot;Diet's Don't Work&quot; book(published 1996). Both books cover essentially the same informationwith only slight variation. I recommend reading one or the other tohelp you get off the diet roller coaster!
33/35
5.0
967766400
0895872978
This book helps the reader develop an awareness of how simple steps can make a difference towards improving the quality of ones life and towards impacting our environment.One of the authors, Wanda Urbanska had a light bulb moment one day. Surveying the mound of cups in the trashcan near her desk she realized that if she subsituted a travel mug for her styrofoam cup she would save the landfill 72 hundred styrofoam cups over a twenty year period! She realized that simple changes can make a big difference. If we all make small changes we can make a tremendous impact.The Urbanska's cover money, time, work, child rearing, community and more. They make suggestions to enrich your life and simplify. For transportation for example they recommend choosing ways to travel that do not involve air transportation because though only .5 percent of the total distance people travel each year is done by air, planes take up 5 percent of transportation energy. They recommend carpooling, observing the speed limit, checking the air pressure in your tires to promote fuel efficiency and other simple changes to help our environment and our life.Though I agreed with many of the authors suggestions a few I felt were off base. For example they recommend you limit yourself to one credit card. If you can't manage your credit perhaps you should only have one or none for that matter. But most people need more than one to establish a good credit rating. If you only have one card you will not get the best rates for a mortgage as one card does not show you can handle credit. In addition, its good to have more than one card so you have a back up. When we traveled to Mexico, our credit company would not approve a charge we made for a once in a lifetime swim with the dolphins because of possible fraud. We were unable to contact them to get the charge approved. Fortunately we had another card to use. When we were in New Orleans and my purse was snatched one card was left in the room and good thing because the other card had to be canceled due to its theft. What would we have paid for the room with? But as I mentioned earlier the main reason for more than one card is to establish good credit and get the best possible rates.The Urbanskis also urge you to buy used goods like clothing. They suggest doing this because once you have purchased an item it decreases in value by 20%. Let me say that regardless of depreciation if I find a wonderful outfit that looks and feels good and is within my budget, its worth every cent. I would rather have one fine quality garment from Nordstroms or Neimans purchased to fit me and look good on me than a ton of thrift shop items. (And I am not referring to the upscale thrifts with the slightly worn clothing) I am referring to the thrifts where Frank Urbanski buys jeans that dont stay zipped in order to save a buck (ok ok he didnt realize they didnt stay zipped). Buy less but buy the best.Ditto on the avoid status purchases. Though some status purchases are just plain silly. There is often a reason why a product has status. Because its quality and well made. The Urbanskis question why someone would buy a status item giving Coach as an example. Well I will tell you why. I bought a black leather Coach pocket book for around $160. It was a beautiful black soft leather. It looked good. It felt good. I toted that pocketbook around for 13 years! Thats about $12 per year or $1 a month. My sister bought several pocketbooks each year! Why because they fell apart or stopped looking fashionable. But she refused to pay for a good one. She spent way more than I did and the bag on her arm didnt look anywhere near as good.Bottomline buy cheap and weep. When my husband and I married we decided to buy the best we could afford and if we couldnt we did without. We have used that rule ever since. As a result the things we have last years and look wonderful and we enjoy them!So I do think the Urbanskis miss the mark on certain things. But the concept of doing more with less and making small changes is a powerful one that should be heard. So kudos to the Urbanskis for sharing their thoughts and Wanda I would give you my old Coach so you could avoid buying a new pocketbook but I sold it at a yard sale. The lady bought it because she said "It was a Coach and they are known for their fine quality!"Lee Mellott
35/44
4.0
1098403200
1558489002
It would be lovely to play this audiocassette and achieve weight loss &quot;automatically&quot;. But as most of us know it doesnt work like that in the real world. The cassette is ok to listen to, but has a few problems. Its designed to be used in the car and the authors state this. However, their voices are so relaxing I found myself having trouble staying awake when I used the cassette. Secondly, its obvious they are very happy with each other and they indicate this with comments to one another that really detract from the point of the cassette. The premise of the cassette is that feeling good about yourself will help you lose weight and once you feel good about yourself the weight will come off &quot;automatically&quot; but then they go on to recommend a 40/30/30 diet! Thus the message of the cassette isnt quite what its supposed to be.
17/22
2.0
944006400
0533118794
I read health and nutrition books for pleasure and this was one I could barely get through. It was translated and perhaps thats why it is so hard to follow. The book skips around and gives little solid information. Also,if you are looking for information on how to use chitosan as an aid to weight loss, you will NOT find any information here. The info. on weight loss is limited to a paragraph and sketchy at best. Maybe chitin-chitosan is a miracle but you will be hard pressed to understand why in this book.
30/30
1.0
941500800
0735203679
I just saved you the price of this book and the time it takes to read it...so please send me a scholarship! Seriously this book is not good for the average individual looking for a scholarship. I read the entire book, carefully taking notes on possiblities, checked them out online and did not find even one scholarship that was a good match for my high achieving, caucasion, college freshman daughter. Not one.The majority of scholarships in this book are geared to high school seniors and they are obscure.Are you very fat and live in New England then yes there is a scholarship here for you by the New England Fat Acceptance Association. Are you a licensed pilot who is a member of the 99's..ok this book works for you too. Are you planning to study outdoor recreation AND you are a Canadian citizen AND you are a second year student AND you have financial need AND it is preferable that you have a background in canoeing? I bite my tongue..there is a scholarship in here for you too.And please buy this book if you live in the general area of Tyson City, Tennessee are a US citizen and have a Tyson facility near you along with demonstrated financial need and proof that you held at least a part-time job in the summer.And you may also want to buy the book if are a member of The Catholic Library Association.BUT for the majority of wanna-scholarship students you are better off doing a websearch on a good scholarship site and inputting your background. Reading this book is a laborious way to discover that you need more generalized scholarship offerings.Other details...book opens with "A Potpourri of Scholarships" and lists the top international scholarships for non-US students, top women scholarships, celebrity scholarships etc. Again..they may be top but they are very very specific. Next are pages and pages of scholarships sorted by categories. Then a list of career information sources, followed by an index.Save your dollars and search online and at your guidance office.
0/0
2.0
1094256000
B000002RZC
This is such beautiful music! Everytime I listen to it (which is often) I am entranced! Sarah Brightman has a special gift and I am so glad to be able to share in it.
0/1
5.0
936576000
0875964354
I am not a big fan of cooking. Opening a jar of spaghetti sauce to top some pasta seems like enough effort. I am also as happy with a simple piece of grilled chicken as I am with one smothered in rich sauces, so cooking books are not a high priority for me. I glanced through this book at the book store only because I felt the authors other book &quot;Low Fat Living&quot; was excellent. To my surprise I was immediately attracted to the simplicity of the recipes, variety and their appeal. The book presents foods that I enjoy eating, that are easy to prepare and it cuts the fat and calories. So enjoyable fare like chicken fingers, Mexican dishes, pasta creations and deserts etc. are a snap to make and healthy to eat. The author Leslie Cooper includes a lot of helpful information such as the hands on time, calories, servings, fiber,fat etc. So the foods prepared can be used if you are on a diet program like Weight Watchers (you can figure out the points)or need to watch your choleserol etc. Cooper includes items such as Mixed Greens with Pecan Vinaigrette, Miso Soup, Swiss Broccoli Soup, Pan Seared Crab Cakes, Sesame Chicken Satays etc. She also includes substitutions for some items. I found the ingredients easy to obtain. Most already in my cupboard or fridge. The beginning of the book devotes about 100 pages to ways to cook for health, fat trimming swaps, reading labels, calorie burning, stress blockers etc. Lots of useful information here. The book is wonderful on its own or as a companion to the &quot;Low Fat Living&quot; book, Leslie cowrote with her husband. It's important to note that this book and the other one is not about eating no fat or little fat. Its about eating healthy fats in moderation. Though the book is not spiral bound it does lie flat for ease of use. The only drawback with the book is the lack of pictures. Overall though its a super nice book and one I will refer to often for quick, healthy recipes!
15/15
5.0
990144000
B000GWE2U6
My daughter is a singer and a humidifier is essential to keep her vocal chords in great shape.After researching humidifiers, I opted for the Hello Kitty and she loves it. Yes she is 19, but Hello Kitty is perfect for any age.The humidifier works beautifully at putting moisture into the air and it looks adorable on her dorm room floor.Customer service is excellent also. During the move from home to her music college, the cap for the humidifier was lost. Crane customer service promptly sent a replacement free.Excellent quality, cute looks and great price!~ Lee Mellott
1/1
5.0
1226707200
B0002Y13B4
...The book describes a progrom that explains how you can eat carbohydrates like rice, pasta, bread and potatoes and lose weight. You lose the weight by taking a starchblocker. This calorie neutralizing substance called Phase 2 binds with the enzymes that digest starch. So when you take it with your meals most starch passes through your system without releasing calories. Phase 2 is made from white kidney beans and is very safe with no side effects aside from minor bloating or gas for some people.The authors outline a 3 step program. You redistribute your calories so you eat more starchy foods so you will neutralize some of those calories. You learn to take emotional control of your eating and you burn body fat by exercising.The authors state that by taking the correct dose of the product Phase 2. you will negate about 50%-75% of the starch calories in a carbohydrate meal. If you eat carbohydrate rich meals and take the supplement several times per day you will negate those calories thus be eating less calories and lose weight... In one study, patients lost an average of 3.9% of total body weight or an average of 6.45 pounds over 30 days compared to those on a placebo who lost 3 quarters of a pound. Another study shows a weight loss of .5 to 1 pound per week using the starch blockers...The biggest qualm I had with the book is it is not consistent with other informations as to when to take the starch blockers. The book says right before a meal. At the website of the starch blocker the authors sell it says take 30 minutes before (yes the authors sell starch blockers). So exactly when to take it is unclear. And very important for someone to know to have success with the plan.After checking with representatives from several different brands and getting a number of different answers I learned that in the study the supplement was taken 30 minutes before.The authors also make a few errors in the text. They refer to 40% protein 30% fat 30% carbohydrate being a typical low carb diet..when the actual ratios are 40% carb, 30% protein and 30% fat. On p. 69 they refer to gymnema sylvestre as a sugar blocker that is not readily available. Gymnema Sylvestre is marketed not as a sugar blocker but as a way to make it so your taste buds don't taste the sweet so you don't enjoy it. It's still available at health food stores. They suggest you supplement with chromium but do not specify chromium picolinate or chromium polynicotinate. They also tell you not to take more that 6 capsules a day of starch blockers. Yet in examples given they neutralize the calories from 3 meals and 2 snacks each day. Starch blockers have to be taken near the meal to work. So this would have you taking more than 6 starch blockers per day. The authors also suggest you switch your calories to more starchy ones so you can then block them. But this does not teach healthy eating habits. Perhaps it is better to try to control your intake of the energy dense starcy carbs like potatoes and bread and use the blockers as an additional helpmate.The authors email addresses are given at the back of the book and I emailed both of them. But unfortunately, neither returned my emails to answer my questions. Finally I emailed customer service where the Dr. Rosenblatt the author sells his product (starchstoppers are sold under a variety of brand names) and a super representative named Susan answered my questions.Skepticism aside there are a lot of good points in the book. The authors discuss how for many folks starch blockers are very helpful in combating the intolerance to carbohydrates. Many folks bloat up when they eat carbs in reasonable amounts and the authors explain how the blockers can help with this.The book details how to determine your calorie level based on your size and activity. It lists a lot of foods and their starch content so you can plan your own meals. It also rates foods based on how effective they would be on the starch blocker plan. "If a food contains a high amount of starch it is given a better grade" I did not find this list that useful. For example eggs are given a B but they dont have starch so I think the list is based more on what is healthy for you than the starch content of the item.The book also includes a number of recipes from a French Chef including, hot crab sandwhich, chocolate hazelnut shortcake, chicken paprika, and a number of other tasty meals.I often bloat when I eat small amounts of carbs and my stomach looks it. So I decided to try the starch blocker program. After just a few days on the program I felt less bloated (my imagination perhaps?) but have not lost any weight. However, it does take time. This is not a magic pill, its a helper. Thus it will be a while before I can clearly attest to the book or starchstoppers effectiveness. When I know for sure I will update this review. Meantime I have my fingers crossed and my starchblocker on hand!UPDATE - I personally did not notice any difference after taking the starch blockers except less money in my purse. I feel the best course of action to lose weight is exercise and eating real food in small quantities. There is no magic pill.
63/67
4.0
1059091200
B0002S9W72
The Midlife Miracle Diet is according to the author a method where you can take back control of your eating habits, lose weight and become healthier.The diet has 4 basic steps. First you achieve BASIC BALANCE by cutting back your carbohydrate intake. Next you go to CARB CAREFUL where you further cut back on carbs. You also add SUPPLEMENTS that will help you balance your blood sugar and you add EXERCISE.There are many good ideas throughout the book. Adele tells you never to get hungry so your blood sugar will stay on keel. She recommends hard chews (like an apple) and soft chews (like tangerines) to satisfy your hunger needs. Adele includes food choices to select from that will help you stay in control.Unlike other low carbohydrate diets where you suddenly go from eating what is normal for you to eating low carbs, in this diet, according to Adele, the transition is gradual. The first step Basic Balance removes many carbs but in a gentle way. The next step Carb Careful removes more when you are ready. Personally, I did not see a large difference in the two steps. For example in Carb Careful she suggests removing cereal and grains from your breakfast meal, but then includes bread in the menu plan.Menu plans are included for both Carb Careful and Basic Balance.These may get you in balance and in control of your food but they are pretty stringent. In one example, a client of hers, eats a handful of string beans with other veggies several times a day and portions of protein, with a tiny amount of grain and fat included. The menu plans to me were pretty joyless. There was no mention of wine or chocolate, fat free cheeses were used, etc. Can you eat this way for life?One of the reasons that low carbohydrate dieting can be so successful is that the fats in the diet are so satisfying. They add a richness that helps make up for the lack of carbohydrates we are used to. Adele does not mention fat much in her book. A menu might have a tad of olive oil or a bit of cheese but not much more. I feel many folks will not be satisfied eating both low carbohydrate and low fat. And recent studies have shown that good fats are good for you to eat. So she could have included more of these in the sample plans and at the very least more information on how to treat fat in your diet.Another area Adele discusses in depth is supplementation. She makes suggestions for different nutrients and explains what they can do to help you. She also sells these nutrients at her website and to her credit does not push her own products at all.Exercise is also covered. She discusses how it can really help your insulin. One suggestion she gives as an exercise choice is TY BO. It made me wonder how quickly the book was put together as the correct spelling is TAE BO. With the lack of information on fats and the obvious spelling error, I wondered if perhaps the book was put out fast.I think alot of Adele Puhn's warmth and regard for her clients comes through in the book. But I think with the stringent eating plan and lack of thorough information on how to treat fats in the diet many people will be disappointed with this book.
116/118
3.0
1043452800
0767912926
Frances Kuffel begins her book, &quot;Passing for Thin: Losing Half My Weight and Finding My Self&quot; with descriptions of food she has known and love. She describes her absolute passion for food. The heel of a leftover roast, cracker crumbs, cocktail fruit. She licks and slurps her way through the first few chapters in the book.So its stunning to find that she is able conquer her addiction and lose half of her body weight. Frances joins a 12 step program and commits. This book reveals her journey to weight loss. How she thinks, what she feels in graphic detail. How she wears shorts under her dress because her thighs rub together. How her loose skin can be pulled up and shifted around.The book is not a weight loss book. It gives only a brief glimpse of her weight loss program (3 meals a day no snacks, no sugar, no flour). Yet at the same time its very inspiring.Though I have just a few pounds to lose, as I read the book I realized that if someone had to live by such strict rules to lose weight I sure couldn't complain about giving up desert now and then.The book is beautifully written. Frances is a gifted author. It totally captures her feelings and the way she struggles with her weight. One of the best books I have read in years!
8/13
5.0
1077926400
0786866942
I really couldn't wait to delve into &quot;The Bomshell Manual of Style&quot;. I expected a frothy confection of &quot;bombshellism&quot; with perhaps some tips to incorporate into my life. Sadly, I found the beautifully designed cover, illustrations and quips on the back of the dustjacket to be the best part. Yes the author shares ideas on how a bombshell behaves, eats etc. But all the examples are dated, and the author fails to translate them to today's society. If I were to wear some of the outfits the author suggests, like a large, bold print polka dotted dress with super high heels shopping I am sure I would get stares but they would not be flattering ones. The author Laren Stover uses Elizabeth Taylor, Jayne Mansfield and Marilyn Monroe frequently as examples through out the text. Certainly these women are renowed for their beauty and style. But what played then doesn't work now, even for a bombshell. Had the author also used more comtemporary &quot;stars&quot; with style and glamour such as Jodie Foster or Sharon Stone and reported on how these ladies imbue star quality and that bombshell quality to their lives, the book would be much more relevant. Suggesting that a bombshell goes on a diet as her doctor won't give her anymore pills is an insult to all modern bombshells who know the best way to lose weight is a good support group and everything in moderation. The movies a bombshell watches, books a bombshell reads, and especially the clothes a bombshell wears according to the author are in many cases limited and old fashioned. Many of the perfumes the author suggests a bombshell use are way too heavy for today's modern times. This book is so beautifully designed and so well conceived it's a great disappointment that it fails at its attempt. Should the author care to make it relevant to today and show the reader how to incorporate sassiness and style and charm into today's world it would be an excellent, fun read. But this little book will not help anyone fufill their bombshell aspirations!
95/124
3.0
991008000
0634056549
This is a terrific source for selecting your next "love song" to sing, or play on the guitar or piano.My daughter is a 15 year old singer. There are many songs here that she may not have considered singing because she had never heard of them, as they date from before she was born. This helps broaden her selection base. The book includes recent songs also.There are 100 hits that range from 1965, The Righteous Brothers "Unchained Melody" to several from 2001 like Alicia Keys, "Fallin'" and Sade's ""By Your Side". And lots in-between from the cutesy 1970 Partridge Family hit "I think I Love You" to the rockin' Cheap Trick "I Want You to Want Me" number to the classic Roberta Flack, "The First Time Ever I Saw Your Face".The book includes songs from female artists like Madonna, Shania Twain, and Toni Braxton, male artists like Barry Manilow, Peter Frampton and Andy Gibb, and groups like the Bangles, Guns N' Roses and Poison. There are also several duets with artists including Neil Diamond and Barbra Streisand's "You Don't Bring Me Flowers", Sonny & Cher's, " I Got You Babe" and Bill Medley & Jennifer Warnes,"The Time of My Life".The price is very reasonable too. For around $4.95 a pop I can purchase sheet music that I print myself over the web or buy at the store. Or for the price of 5 songs I can purchase this bound book with 100 songs!The book is thick and oversized. If you need to copy a song from the book you will want to use legal size paper.VH1's "100 Greatest Love Songs" lists the year of each song which makes it interesting. What were you doing in 1998 when the Goo Goo Dolls "Iris" was a hit. Do you recall one of the top hits of 1984? (Cyndi Lauper's "Time After Time") The book also ranks the songs from 1-100 with Whitney Houston's 1982, "I Will Always Love You" claiming the top spot and Poison's "Every Rose Has Its Thorn" at 100.Hopefully in the future they will have another book and my daughter, Jessica will be in it with a top song!Lots of good songs for your $!
6/6
5.0
1097020800
B000NYXRYE
I am a sucker for self help books. I usually feel great after reading one and then nothing. This book however is an exception. A truly insightful book that can change your life! We often read that if we think a certain way, and do things a certain way we can make what we want happen. Then of course we wonder what is wrong when things don't workout. The author explains why positive thinking, affirmations, and willing and wishing aren't always successful.She describes how everyone is motivated differently and by using her techniques you will be able to determine what motivates you. She will help you learn how to take steps to make your desires come true even when you feel like you can't possibly succeed. The author describes techniques for a strong imaginary support system that will help you achieve your goals.This book is very different than the usual &quot;you can do it&quot; book. If you follow the simple steps with this book &quot;you will do it&quot;! A wonderful book! You can start implementing the steps right away and be on your way to the life you love! As I read her book I put her suggestions to work. I can not believe how much easier it is to accomplish my goals!
168/172
5.0
996883200
B0013527HK
I love "The South Beach Diet Super Charged Workout". I believe using this video along with proper diet and attitude can help transform someone's life! There are some areas that could be improved on this workout DVD. But because I feel it can be such a strong tool, I am giving it 5 stars."The South Beach Diet Super Charged Workout" DVD is a supplement to "The South Beach Diet Super Charged" book but can be used as an exercise plan without using the diet. To achieve best results, reading the book is very helpful. The book explains in depth how to maximize fitness results with interval training and core conditioning performed in a short period of time. With this knowledge you can optimize your results with the DVD.The DVD begins with an introduction from Dr.Agatston in which he explains that new research has shown how interval training in short durations can provide greater benefits than lengthy workouts. The workouts follow the introduction. There is a 20 minute cardio interval training workout and 3 fifteen minute total body workouts to select from. In the book Dr. Agatston uses walking for the cardio training but gives alternatives. In the video the instructor varies exercises using simulated jump roping, lunges etc. Each burst is followed by a recovery period. For example you might do 30 seconds of jumping jacks followed by a 45 second recovery period of marching in place. The 3 total body workouts follow the exercises given in the book and evolve in difficulty from Phase 1 to Phase 3. Agatston also suggests a leisurely walk of 15- 20 minutes on the days you do the total body workout.What I love about the program is it is so doable. Not many of us can or want to spend a lot of time exercising, so short exercise with maximum results is very desirable. Also the variety of exercises keeps things moving and interesting. Instructor Kris Belding has an easy style that is motivating but not over the top. And if you ever do decide you don't want to listen to her an audio set up option on the DVD allows for music only. I also felt the exercises were very effective. I could really feel my core in Phase 1 and the interval training in the cardio section had me working hard but not so hard that I felt I needed to pass out on the couch!As much as I love the DVD, there are a few issues with it. The biggest drawback on the DVD is the modifications for beginners. These are not well done. Beginners will have to work out their own modifications on some of these moves, because in some cases the modifications shown are high impact. In the jump rope interval, for example, the woman demonstrating the beginner modification is doing a full out side to side high impact hop/jump! In the book Agatston starts you out on a Phase 1 cardio but on the DVD there is only one cardio choice that is at an intermediate fitness level. This may be to much for beginning exercisers. I think 3 cardio choice levels should have been included on the DVD.Another critique of the DVD is the setting. It's a large room with a huge picture of the cover of "The South Beach Diet Super Charged" book on the wall. Ummmm, I think a beach setting or a prettier studio setting would be nice.The DVD also has a bonus section which includes an interview with instructor Kris Belding, an overview of the library of South Beach diet books on the market and South Beach Diet tips to keep you on track.Overall I have to say I love the DVD. It gets the job done in a short amount of time. Very energizing! Just keep in mind you may have to modify.~ Lee Mellott
31/32
5.0
1216252800
0471450510
I hate to bash a book that the authors obviously spent alot of time writing. And Bretibart and Ebner have amassed a wealth of information here and present it in an easy to read style.The problem I had is that nothing in it was new. I read alot but entertainment news is not at the top of my list. I read The Star and Enquirer in the check out line at the grocery store. Graze through People or Entertainment Weekly at the hairdressers or doctors. Watch the E channel on occasion. Yet I knew all the stories they shared in the book.That Angelina Jolie had adopted and was estranged for her dad. That Polanski raped a teen and was still lauded by hollywood. Even that Mick Jagger slept with the gal from &quot;One Day At A Time&quot;. Nothing new here.The authors offer their comments and its kinda interesting but since all the info is a repeat, it falls flat. And what is with the continual reference to Tom Cruise as the &quot;heterosexual Tom Cruise&quot;. Throughout the book the authors continue to refer to Tom as &quot;the heterosexual Tom Cruise&quot;. So what's the point?Me thinks Breitbart and Ebner are good writers but need to spend time unearthing new information, not rehash old news.
5/12
3.0
1083110400
0895260700
If you are a traditional dieter you may enjoy Tallmadge's book, &quot;Diet Simple&quot;. In the book Tallmadge gives a number of tips on how to fit in exercise and eat less calories. However, most of the tips will be ones you already know. And many of the tips are repeated in the book in a slightly different manner.For example one tip suggests you walk a dog, another tip says you lead a conga line at work for 5 minutes each hour of the business day, and yet another tip suggests you walk more.Other Tallmadge tips include eating less calories by making substitutions. She suggests in one tip that you give up ice cream or at least eat less. And another tips suggests you eat fruit with chocolate syrup instead of ice cream - more repetition.Very few of the ideas add anything new to what most women's magazines or diet books will tell you. Drink more water to feel fuller, eat salad so you don't eat something else, find less caloric substitutes for chocolate cravings.The one twist Katherine adds to the book is she guesses at how many calories (and thus pounds) you might lose in a year if you follow the suggestion given.As I stated earlier the book is geared to the traditional eat less, exercise more mode of weight loss. If you are following a low carb diet, for example, many of the suggestions will not work for you. In one tip she recommends coating your berries with chocolate syrup. 2 tablespoons of chocolate syrup contain 24 grams of carbs which would not be beneficial to a low carber!At the back of the book she gives batch recipes. Many are geared to a batch for 4 or 6. So they not as suitable for families as they are for couples. The recipes involve wholesome foods and clear directions are given.I think because of the duplication of the tips throughout the book and the fact that most are repeats of what we already know the book is more of a little kick in the pants to remind us to drink our water, eat more veggies etc.To me though the lack of new information does not merit the price of the hardcover version.
125/138
3.0
1018742400
B0000AHO8Q
This bundle package includes a battery charger, 4 rechargable batteries and a soft camera case. The case is a must to protect your camera and the ability to recharge the batteries certainly comes in handy.Though I am happy with each of these products, I would recommend buying them individually on Amazon. Currently you can purchase the case for around $6 and the batteries and recharger for about $38. So you save a few bucks and get the same thing.You may also want to consider purchasing a different compatible battery and charger brand and economizing there.The case is quite nice, at about 4 by 3 it doesnt take up much space. There is a tiny mesh pocket in the front to hold either batteries or a memory card. Velcro closure keeps your camera secure. The back has a belt loop.The battery charger plugs directly into the wall. Its a sturdy plastic holder with a plug that folds in or out. Charges only double A batteries.Overall, good to have for the camera but shop for the most economical way to buy them.
38/39
3.0
1101686400
1579595197
Rarely do you come across a cookbook like this! Dr.Chud's &quot;prescription&quot; is &quot;Eat as though your life depends on it.&quot; Based on growing evidence that insulin plays a major role in fat storage, metabolism and appetite, Dr. Chud supports an &quot;insulin-modulating&quot; way of eating. For her book &quot;The Gourmet Prescription&quot; she has created a number of recipes that reflect her philosophy. She invites you into her kitchen and leads you step by step into creating wonderful, flavorful dishes! The photographs are mouthwatering in their appeal and the variety of foods presented impressive. You feel like you are actually in the kitchen with the author as she shares her thoughts on nutrition and how to maximize flavor using simple techniques and tools. Her heart and soul jump through the pages! As a result of using this book I have discovered new vegetables, cooking techniques etc. The smoked shrimp &quot;fajitas&quot; are a new family favorite. The chicken kebabs with spicy lime sauce are declicious especially when pared with the black bean salad with avocado! Everything I prepared was wonderful and there are so many other recipes that I look forward to trying! I did wish that a glycemic index for foods and a resource guide for some of the lesser known ingredients was included. Dr. Chud does include a nutritional analysis for each dish. She uses a stovetop smoker in some of her dishes. I substituted a wok and it worked great. This is a cookbook that delivers what it promises!
32/33
5.0
938822400
B000ALBKGW
It's hard to describe the diamancel medium nail file and all the diamancel files for that matter because there is nothing quite like them on the market.A few years ago I invested in the #1 and #2 file and the #11 foot file. I recently added the #20 to my collection. The files are worth every cent and I will never go back to using cheap files again.The #2 shapes your nails beautifully. Unlike a harder metal file it is gentler on the nails. It can be washed and reused and will last for years.I also have the #1 file. The difference is in the grit of the file. If you are only selecting one I would choose the #2 if you have strong nails and the #1 if your nails are weaker and light and need gentle treatment.An excellent value. Well worth the $!
9/9
5.0
1111536000
B00005N7OD
Each month I really look forward to getting my Allure issue.The magazines focus is on beauty though you will also find some fashion pieces.What I like most is the magazines unusual look at beauty. For example past issues have included a peek inside at the items in some bathroom cabinets belonging to well knowed women.What strippers at Scores use to take care of their bodies. An article on the man who inspired the movie Shampoo.And there are many traditional articles on beauty. Allure excells at being on the cutting edge of new technology that will make you even prettier. On these pages you will find out about botox, laser surgery, high tech hair and more.Allure is refreshing in that it does not have a diet article every month. In fact several years ago Allure made a point to state that it did not want to offer up a diet of the month. But Allure does share tidbits of diet information like the latest on sweeteners or water weight. It will also occasionally run true life stories on dealing with the emotional side of eating problems. And recently has tracked two women and their weight loss efforts over several months.Fashion articles are limited to a few pages and usually include pictorials on new trends, staking out the look of a star and the latest scoop on accessories.Definately Allure is the magazine to buy to learn how to keep your look fresh and fun!
27/31
5.0
1060041600
1885670273
This little booklet (31pages) is crammed with information about chitosan. It discusses the benefits of chitosan, uses and its history. Unfortunately, its not reader friendly. It is written like a science text. However it does offer hard to find information on chitosan. Hennen (the author) compares chitosan to other fibers in terms of its effacy. He gives information on how it works as a fat blocker. He also suggest substances to use with it, to improve its effectiveness. Though the text does have alot of information despite its slim size I think he should have covered some other important details. For example though, he alerts the reader to use caution when taking fat soluble vitamins at the same time as chitosan, he does not discuss the long term possible effects. Though I personally feel careful use of chitosan is safe, long term useage could possible deplete calcium, vitamin E and other nutrients and this issue needs to be addressed. Though he lists substances that increase chitosans effectiveness he does not state why. The main problem I had with the booklet though was the lack of information he gives on how to effectively use chitosan. He says to take before a high fat meal but does not detail how much per meal or how long before. Still the booklet is very informative and helps get the message out that though chitosan when used correctly can be an effective fat blocker, it does NOT work like the TV commercials for chitosan type products would like you to believe!
68/69
3.0
950745600
0810847779
I eagerly anticipated Dr. Hagbergs book "Stage Presence from Head to Toe", but found it very disappointing. As I read through the pages of the book, I felt like I was a first grader preparing for a school concert. I was looking for information on making THAT SPECIAL connection with the audience, but found little in this text.Basically the book tells you what you already know. Stand up straight (posture counts), dress appropriately, let your audience know you are glad they came, be respectful of other musicians, don't chew gum etc. During the performance for example she suggests you avoid wiping your mouth, tapping your toes, licking your lips, wringing or flexing your hands or fingers. These are very, very basic rules that anyone who walks on stage already knows and if they don't they are most likely in primary school and will learn them, when their teacher tells them in a few sentences what it takes Hagberg 107 pages to say.Sadly, there is nothing new or exciting in this book.
5/11
1.0
1110153600
B000EM79QC
I almost always read the Amazon reviews but for this product I did not. I have been using it for several years and knew I liked it. So when I saw the great price on the big bottle I ordered it.I was surprised when I got it to see it was crystal clear (Big Sexy Hair Shampoo is creamy) and had a fragrance to it. In addition, the label had some of the lettering coming off. I got online, read the other reviews and printed out my return label. This is not the genuine product.
1/1
1.0
1336435200
B0000783FW
My daughter has what you would call a &quot;Princess&quot; foot. She is super fussy about her shoes. Has to fit just so and no fabric rub or discomfort when she walks. She also has a hard to fit foot. Narrow heel and wider toebox. Thus shoe shopping for her can be a chore!Recently she picked up a cute little strappy dress for summer and I mentally prepared myself for the hours she would spend finding a summery sandal to go with it.When we went to the shoe store they had a large display of Dr. Scholl's in an assortment of colors.I remembered Dr. Scholl's from my teens. They used to sell them in the drugstore.The look is timeless and she instantly fell in love with them. Because the strap across the toes is adjustable they fit her toebox comfortably. And because they are backless, they are light and breezy for summer and there is nothing in the back to cause foot discomfort.The hard part was selecting the color. The sandals come in a variety of fun colors including pink, black, tan and more. We settled on the blue. Great with jeans and a nice shade to compliment her summer dress.Because the sandals feature a wood finished bottom and contoured footbed for arch support they are sturdy and comfortable.Price is right too when you consider they will last for years and remain classic in styling.Picking Dr. Scholl's is easy. Picking the color is the challenge!
0/0
4.0
1055808000
B000094ZGJ
For years I weighed myself with a Health-O-Meter scale and "guessed" at my weight. I would pop on the scale, get off and allow it to reset, pop back on and find my weight would vary usually by 1-3 pounds. But once by 20 pounds!After much frustration I decided to invest in the Tanita BF682. The BF682 is a sturdy attractive metal and plastic scale with some great features. After I purchased it I put it on a level surface (rugs are a no-no) and weighed myself about 10 times in a row not giving the scale a chance to reset. To my pleasure I weighed the exact same each time right down to .2 of a pound!The scale has several buttons in the front that you tap with your foot to program in up to four family members height, weight, activity level and age. When you step on the scale you will get a read out with your weight and body fat. In order to ensure an accurate bodyfat measurement, you should weigh at the same time each afternoon (not first thing in the morning as you are not hydrated) in your bare feet. There is also a "guest" button so a guest can get a bodyfat and weight reading and a weigh only button that will give weight only.Tanita works by sending a small electrical current through your body to read your bodyfat. You do not experience any discomfort at all, but those with a pacemaker should not use it as the electrical current may interfere with the operation of the pacemaker. After it has read your body fat the scale will give you the number and also a small icon will tell you if you are underfat, healthy, overfat or obese.One super nice thing about this scale is the DCI or daily caloric intake. That's right! Along with your bodyfat and weight, this scale is so smart it will also tell you how many calories you are consuming to weigh what you do. If you want to beef up - eat more calories than the number shown and if you want to skinny down - eat less. Very motivational.The scale operates on 4 double A batteries that are included as are easy to follow directions.If you are looking for a bodyfat, daily caloric intake and weight scale this is an excellent scale. In April 2005, however, Tanita is set to release a new set of scales called Innerscan. These will vary in features but may monitor body functions such as water %, bone mass, muscle mass, basal metabolic rate, metabolic age and daily calorie intake along with weight and body fat depending on the model you choose. Starting price will only be about $10 more so you many want to check into those models also.
34/35
5.0
1110931200
0974095516
One thing I love about Amazon is the opportunity to read reviews which helps me decide if I should purchase a book.Thus it was great to see a number of reviews written on &quot;The Calcium Diet&quot;. But as I read the reviews I noticed that they all were written in the same time frame. They all were written by &quot;a reader&quot; and they all said pretty much the same thing and some included plugs for Ms. Kayes website.Ms. Kaye's previous book &quot;The Skinny Pill&quot; (see my review) was disappointing. So could her new book. &quot;The Calcium Diet&quot; deliver?Recently studies have shown that calcium is a nutrient that can curb cravings and help your body burn fat. Another book at Amazon, &quot;The Calcium Key&quot; is written by the researcher behind many of these studies. The calcium weight loss connection is so interesting I did a quick web search to see what else I could find out. There was some disappointing news. Perhaps calcium is a key in weight loss BUT guess who sponsored many of these studies; The dairy industry and others who would benefit, according to what I read online.I hope this did not effect the results of the studies. I am not saying calcium does not aid in weight loss only that the if the sponsor of the studies is the industry that sells dairy...well it makes me wonder.In Edita's newest book she no longer looks at the skinny pill (chitosan and other supplements) as the miracle pill to blast fat as she did in her previous book. Now she claims calcium is key. In her book she recommends you take 1,200 mg calcium in 3 daily divided doses. As I mentioned previously many of the studies were sponsored by the dairy industry. But there is still the possiblity that YES calcium does work to promote weight loss. However, in the original studies fat loss was found to be greater if you EAT DAIRY as opposed to INGESTING SUPPLEMENTS. Edita's plan involves taking supplements.I do think calcium can help, in a weight loss program. If you ate a yogurt for a snack for example, the combination of protein and carbs would do more to help you control your appetite than if you ate cookies. So perhaps calcium can help you shrink in size. However, I would like to read more studies that do not have a vested interest in the results.Then Edita goes on to suggest a diet to use with your new calcium supplementation plan. Let's see meat, fish, chicken, veggies. Sound familiar? Yes its the low carb high protein plan, with some twists. After week 1, Edita suggest you add spicy condiments to raise your metabolism and in week 3 you add diuretic fruits like tomato, parsley and lemon to make you lose your bloat by running to the restroom.If you follow Edita's low carb plan you will lose weight. But will you be able to stick to it and keep it off? And be sure to check out who published the book.
27/29
3.0
1077148800
B0000C4CP4
When I came across Slim Mints I couldn't resist purchasing a tin. This is a mint that sells for no more than a regular brand of mints but not only does it freshen your breath it claims to help you lose weight also!A brilliant marketing idea! Double duty..fresh breath and weight loss. The manufacturers must be patting themselves on the back. And its great if it works. But does it?The back of the tin of slim mints claims that l-carnitine and chrominum polynicotinate will reduce your appetite and help you lose weight. Studies on l-carnitine indicate that it may help in boosting metabolism and aid in burning fat. However, the dosage of l-carnitine used in the studies was much greater than that in a serving size of Slim Mints. Its found that only 20% of l-carnitine supplementation is absorbed so 500-2000 mcg have been used in the studies. Slim Mints contains only 108mg in a serving. A serving is 12 pieces. I am very doubtful that the l-carnitine is beneficial supplemented this way.Slim Mints also contain chromium polynicotinate. There have been more studies done on this than on l-carnitine and indications are that chromium helps regulate blood sugar levels. One report I read said to limit intake to 200mcg per day as more could be harmful. But the majority of what I read indicated that 400mcg was safe which is what Slim Mints contains in 12 pieces. I do believe it is possible that the chromium can help with blood sugar levels, though each piece will only have 33mcg's. As time passes more and more supplements have been proven to be unhelpful and potentially harmful.Anytime you are using supplementation with the possible exception of a multivitamin, its a good idea to check with your doctor.Slim Mints also contains Splenda. The jury is out on Splenda which is sold as an all natural derivative of sugar. In truth Splenda is cholorinated and may not be as safe as the manufacturers would lead you to believe. However, I can say that though I have trouble drinking a soda that is sugar sweetened, I have no trouble with Splenda. Of the artificial sugars I feel Splenda is the best choice at this time.Each tin measures about 3 inches long by 2 and 1/2 inches wide and 1/2 inch deep so they are perfect to tote in your bag or purse. There are about 40 mints per tin and they are sized like Altoid mints. They come in two flavors cinnamon and peppermint. A serving is 12 pieces. Each piece claims to have 4 calories, 4gram carbs (1g net carbs) and 2 gram fiber (very surprising).I put the tin on my desk and found them to be tasty and a nice little distraction from when I might be reaching for something else like a mega calorie cookie for instance so YES I can see where you could lose weight if you eat them instead of something else. But keep in mind that as I mentioned earlier the ingredients and the amount in the mints has not been proven. So any weight lost would be coming from eating a low cal mint INSTEAD of something with more calories.Though I like the idea behind the mint. I am concerned about people popping supplements without regard to how much or how little they are taking. Slim Mints claims that the active ingredients are MD recommended in a best-selling diet book, but they don't say which book or which doctor. Come on Slim Mints! You can do better than that!I would like to see some studies behind the claims. I think Slim Mints should be responsible for backing up their product with solid science and not conjecture.
16/21
3.0
1111017600
0743466446
My closet was a mish mash of clothing. There you would find the Liz blouse and skirt I wore to celebrate my nephew's birth 20 years ago. A tiny DKNY white jumper and see through mesh top that is cute but maybe a wee bit young for me now. A wonderful, classic pair of Ann Taylor navy blue pants with tags attached. (I never did lose the 5 pounds needed to get into them). Too many other clothing items that are a bit snug here or there and too uncomfortable to wear. A soft white snap up sweater that looks cozy but on closer inspection reminds me of the onesie outfits my children once wore. A red vest that is boring. A sweater with little balls decorating it that is last years news. You get the idea.Yet it is hard to part with these things. You never know when the weight will drop off. The big shoulder pad look will come back in style. A fuzzy sweater will come in handy to lend to your mom when she vists. The red vest will cheer the residents of the nursing home up when you go there. The Smithsonian will want to display the first suit you ever wore.And despite having all these goodies in your wardrobe, its hard to find anything to wear! That was my dilemma till I lucked into finding the book, &quot;I Don't Have A Thing To Wear&quot;.The book begins by having you describe your &quot;circle of life&quot;. What activities do you do each day. I realized for example I had a dozen or so gorgeous beaded dresses hanging in my closet, but I hadn't gone to a very formal occasion in years.Yet for lunching out with friends which I do fairly frequently I didn't have many pairs of nice slacks and usually resorted to dressing up my jeans.Once you figure out what you do. You can then plan your closet so you have clothes to meet your needs. Judie and Jackie hold your hand as you clean your closet. Inspired by the pair, I was ruthless. Most of the beaded dresses set for the consignment shop, other garments for the women's shelter, some to charity, others earmarked for auction.They also recommend hanging slacks on clipped hangers not folded. This tip alone had my closet looking sleeker in seconds.By the time the dust had cleared, my closet had only wearable garments in it.I also started a box with thin clothes. Clothes I loved but just did not fit and I did not want to part with. If they dont fit in 6 months they are gone.After your closet purge, Judie and Jackie go on to tell you how to make a beeline for the clothes that will work for you in the stores by learning what clothes will suit your body proportions. Learning this will save you hours of time. They also teach you why you should shop from &quot;the bottom up&quot;.The authors also describe dressing styles, shopping on the internet tips, master plans and more.Another excellent book on bringing your closet into harmony with your life is, &quot;Simple Isn't Easy&quot; by Amy Fine Collins and Olivia Goldsmith. But the Collins/Goldsmith book is out of print and pricey when you find it.&quot;I Don't Have A Thing To Wear&quot; by Taggart and Walker is inexpensively priced and will do wonders for your wardrobe if you follow the advice.The proof is in my closet!Lee Mellott
152/154
5.0
1061424000
0972018417
Bill Phillips of "Body for Life" fame comes up with another winner with "Eating for Life: Your Guide to Great Health, Fat Loss and Increased Energy".The book is a scrumptious way to eat healthy, lose weight and feel better. Bill's philosophy is that people should eat 5-6 healthy, size appropriate meals per day to keep blood sugars level and ward off fat. So the book is broken up into categories to eat at each of the meals: breakfast, desserts, lunches, midmeals, dinners and shakes.Each recipe comes with a mouthwatering full color photograph and detailed instructions on how to make it. There is also a handy little picture that shows the actual brandname ingredients used in the recipe. For example Albacore Tuna Casserole shows a large color photograph of the dish and another smaller photo with a picture of the ingredients in it; Bumble Bee tuna, Healthy Request cream of mushroom soup, Lucerne fat free milk, Healthy Harvest pasta and Birds Eye peas...what a neat idea!So far I have made a number of recipes from the book and they have all been delicious. There are a number of recipes such as Egg-Cellent Enchiladas, Golden Protein Pancakes, Cool Ranch Dip, Greek Pinwheels, Frosted Key Lime Pie (shake), Pina Colada (shake), Cilantro Burrito, Cool Taco Salad, Cajun Chicken, Beef and Barley Soup and many more.The ingredients are easy to find and the recipes easy to prepare. Even if you are not on the Body for Life plan this is a wonderful cookbook to own.There is a major drawback with the book and that is the lack of nutritional information. Yes you can go on the BFL website and get this information, but you shouldn't have too. It should be right in the book. One of the drawbacks with not having this information is portion size. The recipes are designed to be BETWEEN a man and a woman's portion. That means for example that the recipe for Singapore Shrimp as shown and prepared in the book is about 374 calories per portion. BUT a man could eat 468 calories as his daily portion and a woman would have to modify the recipe to 281 almost 100 calories less! But it does not tell you this in the book. I only learned this from gathering the nutrition information on the site where it gives average portions and male portions and female portions.Another aspect of the book I don't care for is the use of foods like butterbuds (why not use a tiny portion of real butter) and fat free cheese and sour cream which I find tasteless. Instead I substitute tiny amounts of the tastier full fat version.I really had to debate on whether to give this book 4 or 5 stars. It is my favorite cookbook now and its helping me eat healthier...but the lack of nutritional information in the book is a major blunder especially when the portion sizes vary so much from male to female. I know Bill might say use your palm or fist, but thats hard to do for certain food products. Thus I have to give it 4 stars.Great recipes, beautiful layout..next time Bill give us the nutritional info. too! (BTW: Really appreciate Amazon's price on this too, much less than the bookstore.)
13/14
4.0
1127260800
1579546986
Let me begin by saying I am glad I am not the author Lisa Sander's sister. Poor Shelley must be gnashing her teeth over Lisa's willingness to share sister Shelley's personal weight loss problems. But share she does and Shelley is one of the few real life examples given in the book. Which makes one wonder if the author successfully tested her theory and followed up to see if lost weight stayed lost.The author claims that different people lose weight on different types of diets. The goal then is to find the correct diet for you. After journaling and answering questions you will be given your "perfect fit" diet.The diet may be a counting calories diet, low carb diet or low fat diet. This diet is then tailored to suit your needs.I have several problems with the book. The first is that she categorizes diets according to how weight loss is accomplished on pp 28-29. For example Dr. Ornish's diet helps people according to Sanders because they eat low fat. Sugar Busters limits carbs as does Dr. Atkins. Then she says that American Heart Association and Weight Watchers are low calorie. BUT here the author misses the point. ALL OF THE DIETS WORK BECAUSE THEY ARE LOW CALORIE. Not because they are low fat or low carb..but because you are eating less. So to say you can lose weight because you are eating low carb is inaccurate. To say you can lose weight because you are eating less calories because you are eating low carb and hence cutting calories is accurate.So then we get to the type of diet themselves. Yes Atkins may help you lose weight but is it a healthy diet long term? Yes the Ornish plan of VERY limited fats will help you lose weight but fat free is a pretty joyless plan. Yes the Zone plan can help you shed fat but can you stick to it long term.So here Dr. Sanders advocates picking one of these diets and she helps you choose it BUT can you do it LONG-TERM?And if you are going to go on a low carb diet or low fat diet, why not just pick up the ORIGINAL diet book which will have more recipes and information? Because Sanders thinks you don't know what type of diet will work for you. But most of us have been around the diet block and know what works for us and what doesn't. And most of us know that most of these plans don't work long-term because they are hard to stick too. Who wants to count calories the rest of their life?My thought is make small changes in your diet. Eat less of what you eat now. If you eat a lot of sugar cut back so you don't get the strong sugar urges. Walk more. Make simple changes. Weight loss will be slow but it will stay off!
28/35
3.0
1099612800
1570717737
This is a fun book for those who want to kickstart a makeover.Diane Irons presents 14 days of &quot;tasks&quot; to accomplish to help you achieve your best.The Boot Camp begins with a simple diet that is low sugar, high protein and chalk full of complex carbohydrates and vegetables. She also gives tips on how to make the diet effective. Her suggestions include drinking green tea, filling up with fiber, drinking tons of water and more.Though I elected not to follow her menu plan, I still found the rest of her book to be worth the price.Within days I found I had streamlined my beauty routine, given my bathroom a spalike appearance through some inexpensive additions, pared down my wardrobe, cleaned my pantry and more! Diane's book gave me the &quot;kick&quot; I needed to get it done.Each page in the book provides tips and tricks to make your self look, and feel better physically and mentally!Day 1 of boot camp begins with decluttering your environment. A great way to start feeling in control. This is one area where Diane falters though. In one day, I was supposed to have my kitchen cleaned, wardrobe sorted, bathroom dejunked, etc. etc. These are pretty big projects and the kitchen alone can take a good day or so.So the title of the book &quot;14 Day Beauty Boot Camp&quot; is not truly an accurate name but its certainly catchy!What I decided to do, was follow the information for day 1. When I had completed all the tasks go on to day 2. This may take several weeks for some as cleaning out your closet, washing hairbrushes and turning your bathroom into a slice of heaven are time consuming projects!Despite the fact that the timing is not accurate, the book is still a great source of inspiration and a fun way to trim your weight, improve your wardrobe, boost energy and more!What I especially enjoy about the book is the tips Diane includes for developing that special attitude. And Diane's beauty tips are different than the common fare repeated in women's magazines.The book is easy to manage (not bulky like some of the recent beauty books on the market), and is written in an easy to read format. It comes with a bonus audio CD by Diane inspiring you each step of the way.Reading and acting on the suggestions in this book will be like having a personal trainer to help you develop your best style at a fraction of the cost!
32/33
4.0
1018742400
B000PUPD0W
The beginning of the book "Real Simple: The Organized Home" explains that the average American woman spends 52.2 frustrating minutes a day looking for things. That adds up to a shocking 14 days a year!"Real Simple: The Organized Home" will help you declutter, maximize space, and decorate your interior. By following the tips and techniques you will as the book says, "live beautifully with maximum efficiency and minimum effort".Don't feel you have to tackle projects all at once. With a little effort each day you will eventually have the serene space that envelops you with comfort and warmth.The beautiful, crisp photographs in the 192 page, 11" by 9" hardcover book inspire and delight. The photos range from soft, creamy bathroom shots to organized closets teaming with color. I love the photos throughout the book but will say I thought the book's cover shot and design was not the best choice.Chapters in the book include the foyer, living room, family room, kitchen, dining room, bedroom, storage room and more. Step by step you are enticed to make your home over. The bathroom section for example, walks you through basic needs like what to look for in a towel, space saving devices and how to organize it all. A variety of organization tips are given throughout the book that range from when to toss mascara to how long butter keeps in the refridgerator.I love the idea of a spa-type atmosphere in my home. Plump pillows in the bedroom with fine linens dressing the bed,a fragrant smell like lavender lingering in the air, wholesome, tasty food in the kitchen with the proper tools to prepare it....Simple pleasures and ones that are within anyones reach when they learn simple solutions to organized living. Real Simple: The Organized Home makes the good life at home a reality!Lee Mellott
42/47
5.0
1095811200
0966351916
Sugar Bust for Life! is based on the diet principles from the Sugar Busters Cut Sugar to Trim Fat book. Ellen Brenan the author of Sugar Bust for Life! was the consultant and publisher of the original Sugar Buster's book. The book Sugar Busters describes a healthy way of eating to gain vitality and lose weight. Sugar Bust For Life! expands on the book with a ton of information to make the Sugar Buster way of life simple!The Sugar Bust for Life! book includes over 400 recipes, menus, an extensive supermarket shopping list with brand names, a glycemic list of foods, detailed information on the program, low fat modifications and even a list of acceptable red wines!The recipes range from simple appetizers to savory entrees. Each recipe was carefully formulated to maximize your taste experience yet help you lose weight, control cholesterol, and improve your health by using ingredients that have a low to moderate glycemic level and little refined sugar.Appetizers include Oysters Rockefeller, Crabmeat Mariniere, Fresh Salsa and Mexican Layer Dip. Soups include basic stocks, Red Bean Soup, and Cream of Broccoli. Tomatoes and Wine, Ketchup and Alfredo are among the sauces. Breakfast dishes, salads and salad dressings, grilling and marinades, side dishes and vegetarian fare are also included. The entrees are extensive ranging from Baked Chicken Supreme to Lasagne to Steak Diane. Over 400 recipes and all made with easy to find ingredients and simple to prepare!The Brennan's include 2 weeks worth of meal plans and suggestions on how to maximize your weight loss. They also have a wonderful section of brand names to look for in your supermarket to help make, selecting healthy choices easy. And they include a list of hidden sugars to beware of.Another welcome section to the book is a list of acceptable wines you can drink in moderation, while following the Sugar Busters program. Theodore Brennan is the co-author of the book and owner of Brennan's restaurant of New Orleans. His brother James, a wine expert and connoisseur, selected the wines. Brennan's restaurant has won numerous awards, for its fine wine cellars. The wines selected are the best choices that are acceptable within the Sugar Busters guidelines.The book Sugar Bust for Life! was formerly called Sugar Less for Life! Unfortunately (...)is selling these two books together as a set when they are the same book! The Brennan's do have a another book out called Sugar Bust for Life with the Brennan's Part II. It's also available through (...). I just received a copy, and like its sister book, it looks wonderful!Sugar Bust for Life! With the Brennan's is certainly a delicious easy way to lose weight and get healthy!
37/37
5.0
1006732800
0966351932
The book &quot;Play Your Carbs Right!&quot; by the Brennan's is an easy plan to help you get skinny and enjoy yourself in the process!Recent studies have shown that many Americans have &quot;dieted&quot; themselves into obesity and poor health. By eating low fat we have filled our food with chemicals and sugar that create havoc in our bodies. By counting calories we have slowed our metabolism and can't maintain any weight loss.The key according to the Brennan's is the amount of carbohydrates you consume. A diet rich in protein with moderate amounts of carbs added will trigger satisfaction and help curb temptation.Eating a lower carb diet is not new. There are a number of books on the market that espouse the low carb lifestyle. However, many of them are so scientific they are hard to understand. Others lay out plans that have you severely restrict carbs from your diet. Strict low carb diets are hard to stay with over the long haul.That's where the Brennan's book differs. Their book, &quot;Play Your Carbs Right&quot; offers a kind, gentle, low carb eating plan that you can commit to for life!I first learned about the Brennan's when I came across the books &quot;Sugar Bust For Life! with the Brennans&quot; and &quot;Sugar Bust for Life! with the Brennans Part II&quot; at a book store. I love the books!They are chocka'block with great recipes, wine lists, tips and more on following a low sugar, healthy diet. So when I learned they had recently released another book, &quot;Play Your Carbs Right&quot;, I decided to pick up a copy.As I read through the book something &quot;clicked&quot; for me. Over the past years I have read a number of different diet books that teach the low carb lifestyle. (I had already tried and failed at calorie counting and eating low fat) Despite trying some of the plans I couldn't stick to them. Either too complicated, too strict, or just plain boring. But &quot;Play Your Carbs Right!&quot; spelled out in simple terms what I had to do to accomplish my weight loss goal. AND IN AN ENJOYABLE WAY THAT I COULD STICK TO FOR LIFE!It absolutely simplifies low carb dieting. It explains in easy terms why low carb dieting is an effective weight loss method. It teaches you how to figure out your personal carb intake to lose and maintain your weight. It lists daily menus for several weeks, snack ideas, and a handy mini carb counter. I started losing right away!The book also includes a ton of delicious low carb recipes.The Brennan's own the well known Brennan's restaurant in New Orleans. The recipes in &quot;Play Your Carbs Right&quot; are based on their many years of working in the food industry. These are recipes for folks who love to eat and want delicious meals that satisfy.Unfortunately many low carb diet books contain alot of awful dishes. (I hate to think of the times I have wasted food as low carb recipes I made came out inedible.)The Brennan's book is an exception. I have tried a number of the recipes and they are great! There are a variety of recipes including: Appetizers, Sauces, Soups, Stocks, Salads, Salad Dressings, Mayonnaise, Omelettes, Frittatas and Quiches, Entrees, Side Dishes or Vegetarian's Fare, and Desserts and Dessert Beverages.Some of my favorites include Classic Buffalo Wings, Asparagus Bisque, Green Bean Salad, Creamed Lemon Chicken with Asparagus, Ellen's Crabmeat Salad, Pecan Crust and Italian Shrimp.The recipes are not only delicious but they are easy to make and call for ingredients that are easy to find! Each recipe also includes carb counts per serving.It's my personal belief that more and more folks will realize that weight loss does not have to involve starvation diets or over analyzing the nutrients you eat. The key is simply to be smart about carbs.If you watch the carbs you eat, you can eat delicious, filling meals and snacks. By making smart carb choices you will lose weight quickly, without hunger and become healthier.&quot;Play Your Carbs Right!&quot; is a great guide to help you get healthy and lose weight! You can accomplish your goals!
86/86
5.0
1041379200
B00008ZFUZ
My daughter has what you would call a &quot;Princess&quot; foot. She is super fussy about her shoes. Has to fit just so and no fabric rub or discomfort when she walks. She also has a hard to fit foot. Narrow heel and wider toebox. Thus shoe shopping for her can be a chore!Recently she picked up a cute little strappy dress for summer and I mentally prepared myself for the hours she would spend finding a summery sandal to go with it.When we went to the shoe store they had a large display of Dr. Scholl's in an assortment of colors. They had a leather and suede version of the same style shoe.I remembered Dr. Scholl's from my teens. They used to sell them in the drugstore.The look is timeless and she instantly fell in love with them. Because the strap across the toes is adjustable they fit her toebox comfortably. And because they are backless, they are light and breezy for summer and there is nothing in the back to cause foot discomfort.The hard part was selecting the color. The leather sandals come in a variety of fun colors including pink, black, tan and more. We settled on the blue. Great with jeans and a nice shade to compliment her summer dress. The suede version came in a variety of shades too.Because the sandals feature a wood finished bottom and contoured footbed for arch support they are sturdy and comfortable.Price is right too when you consider they will last for years and remain classic in styling.Picking Dr. Scholl's is easy. Picking the color is the challenge!
0/0
4.0
1056499200
B00005T32T
Vol 1 now called Body Sculpting Basics was the first video produced by the Firm. Though it was produced some years ago it has withstood the test of time. Susan Harris the lead instructor is very inspiring! When I got my copy some years ago, I never dreamed I would be able to complete it. ITS TOUGH! But eventually I built up to it and went on to buy all the videos the Firm produces. This one along with Vol 6 (Complete Aerobic Weight Training)is still amongst my favorites! The beautiful set, classic clothing and wonderful music will be timeless. For equipment you will need dumbells and ankle weights. The workout consists of a warm up, 22min of aerobics, 22min of hip/thigh work, 5min of ab work and a short stretch. Do this workout for super results!
14/15
5.0
956707200
0609605038
This is a lovely book with wonderful pictures and a simple, well stated text. Frederic shares his ideas on how you can derive more pleasure from life month by month. Each month he entreats you to embrace the days by taking advantage of what the season has to offer. He encourages simplicity, paring down your wardrobe. Pitching all your lotions and potions and achieve your best look with an easy, daily routine. Inviting the best and forgetting the rest! And he does it well. The book is charming and fun with new ideas to attain a fresh look and punctuated with thoughts on how to enjoy the process! It's well worth the high price tag.
12/14
5.0
974851200
0609605038
I love this book and know it will give me pleasure for years to come.The pictures are exquisite and backed up with a simple, well stated text.Frederic shares his ideas on how you can derive more pleasure from life month by month. Each month he entreats you to embrace the days by taking advantage of what the season has to offer.One month you may make a special refreshing drink. Another month tidy your closet. Yet another month focus on your hair.He encourages simplicity, paring down your wardrobe. Pitching all your lotions and potions and achieve your best look with an easy, daily routine. Inviting the best and forgetting the rest! And he does it well. The book is charming and fun with new ideas to attain a fresh look and punctuated with thoughts on how to enjoy the process! It's well worth the high price tag.
23/23
5.0
1059955200
B000BO3RNM
I like the idea of having a cup of espresso in the afternoon, but my Krups espresso maker was a pain. Messy, hard to use and with marginal results. I decided to look for a high quality coffee maker/espresso maker combination but the salesclerk steered me to the Nespresso and recommended buying this machine and a separate coffee maker (which was less than buying the pricey machine I was considering).The demonstration won me over. The machine is so easy to use. You touch a button to turn it on, fill the 34oz capacity water bottle to the desired level and pop it in the back. Put the coffee filled capsule of your choice in the machine. Next push the button and your cup begins to fill with coffee. Push the button again to stop the flow at the strength you like. The espresso that results has a crema on the top from the pressure of how it is made. Simply delicious!Clean up is easy. Just pull out the bottom and discard the tiny tin that held the coffee..No mess, no fuss. The C90 holds about 14 empties so you don't have to do it often.The design is sleek and small and easily fits in a tiny amount of space. I purchased the metallic silver which is a very attractive color.There are two potential drawbacks to the machine. This model does not have a frother. However, my experience with attached frothers has not been a good one so instead of paying an additional $150 for the frothing model, I picked up a Bonjour frother for $20. I can froth milk easily and warm it in the microwave if desired.The other drawback is the coffee capsules must be purchased through the Nespresso company. I have not ordered yet but understand a sleeve of 10 capsules runs close to $5.00. The company sells a variety of strengths including decaf.Today I made my daughter a gingerbread latte. This is something I normally would have had to pay a few dollars for at a specialty coffee house. To make the latte I put two tablespoons of gingerbread syrup in a cup. Then added two ounces of espresso made with my C90. I stirred in 1/2 cup of warm milk, topped with a dollop of whipped cream and sprinkled on cinnamon and nutmeg. Delicious!Great little espresso maker!
5/5
5.0
1130630400
0312323107
I stopped reading Vogue years ago. I dress simply in classic styles and have little interest in the fashions shown by Vogue and many other magazines. And Vogue seems out of touch with its readers with stodgy articles and clownish fashions. (I find Elle to be more fresh and appealing). But I am always interested in a good bio and decided to read about the mystery behind the woman at the helm of Vogue.It appears that Ms. Wintour was very "cool" from the get go. Nice when she needed to be but rarely covering her true frosty nature. Confident and collected she knew what she wanted from an early age and went after it.Ms. Wintour did not graduate from high school and does not write very well, according to the author..so luck, family background, a strong sense of fashion and animal agressiveness played a large role in her rise to the helm of Vogue's masthead.As I read throught the book, I couldnt help but be glad that I have no desire to enter the apparent competitiveness and cattiness that marks the world of fashion magazines. A cutthroat business where wearing the wrong shoes or skirt style will send smirks your way.As Anna climbs to the top you read about how she loses friends, alienates people (yet somehow many come back for more abuse),and tramples on others to get where she wants to be. All the while she appears to fascinate others with her cool demeanor and aloof attitude. She is portrayed by the author as a shallow individual whose interests center around herself and clothes and thats about it.The author is exhaustive in his research. As another reviewer pointed out, more photographs would have been nice. But overall an interesting read and one that may have you studying Vogue magazine to see how much the masthead varies from month to month as Ms. Wintour fires and hires at her imperious leisure.
45/50
4.0
1110153600
1932994726
Though married for 25 years (and still honeymooning) I can still recall the major effort that went into planning my wedding day. I read stacks of bridal magazines, met with florists, spent hours looking at dresses and invitations etc. I wasn't sure what I wanted and didn't have a wedding planner to simplify things. If only Instyle: Weddings had been published back then.Instyle: Weddings is a lush, lavish, and comprehensive look that will help you plan your ideal wedding. Generously sized at 12x11, this 248 page book is packed with information, it will be your wonderful wedding companion and planner. As you read through the book and gaze at the photographs you will be inspired and learn so much to help you create your perfect day. And you will save hours of time. Everything you need to know for your special day (except if Uncle Al will get a little tipsy)is in this book.The book covers all aspects of the wedding; The Ring, The Invitation, The Dress, Beauty, The Flowers, The Cake, The Photography, The Wedding Party, The Ceremony, The Reception and The Registry.Each section covers the topic indepth. And gives information to save you time. The ring section for example, describes the 4 C's to look for when purchasing a ring - color, cut, clarity and carat. It includes detailed photographs of different styles ranging from classic cuts to antique and contemporary. Types of wedding bands are also described. After studying the photos and reading the information, you will have an idea of where to start when you go ring shopping. The flower section alone will save you hours of time. The book describes what types of flowers you may wish to consider depending on the type of wedding you are having. There are gorgeous photos of different types of flowers, ideas for bouquets, how to use the arrangements to decorate and more. You won't need to visit a lot of different florists to get a feel for what you want.There are tons of ideas in each chapter. And in addition to the basics like choosing a dress the nitty gritty details are included also. You will learn everything from how to select a gift for the attendants to hiring an officiant to selecting wedding favors.I saw a show some years ago where a couple was spending thousands of dollars on their wedding despite having just a few hundred dollars in the bank. I felt sorry for the couple who would start married life with a pile of credit card debt. Instyle: Weddings will give you ideas on how to save to help you stay on budget. If you like a certain type of flower that is pricey, they suggest a less expensive look alike alternative. If you want a big diamond but don't have the dollars,read the advise on how to get your flash for the cash you have. Lots of ideas on how to save here.Instyle is generally about celebrities. This book does include some celebrity photos. But the majority of photos are of cakes and rings and invitations and flowers and so much more ....photos of love. This is not a book about celebrity weddings..this is a book about your wedding, your special day.If you wish to plan a lovely wedding, Instyle: Weddings will save you hours of time and provide so much help to inspire that special day. A beautiful book!Lee Mellott
17/19
5.0
1137715200
B000IOF4YK
The author of &quot;Escape Your Shape&quot;, Edward Jackowski is back with a food focused plan to help you &quot;Escape Your Weight&quot;.Essentially the book operates on the basic calories in, calories out premise.The author first asks you to select the type of weight loss plan you can live with. Do you want to exercise as little as possible? Or would you rather alter your eating habits only slightly and exercise more? Once you have made your selection, you zero in on the amount of weight you want to lose.If you want to lose 11-30 pounds and don't want to exercise much then you would be on the limited approach plan. This plan means you can eat 1400 calories to meet your goals.Jackowski stresses a healthy, natural diet. Slow, steady weight loss. He does tell you how to kick your weight loss into high gear and lose more weight quicker BUT he also tells you that you may burn out that way and you are better off losing it slowly and permanently.Jackowski also gives an exercise prescription for weight loss. These plans vary, but a typical day may include a warm-up, stretch, fat burner (like jumpe rope), upper body exercise, jumping jacks, hip work, abs and legs, etc.I really appreciate Jackowski's honestly. He doesn't sugar coat the truth. If you want to get slim, you are going to have to work at it FOREVER. Not for a few weeks out of the year, FOREVER.Jackowski gives eating plans for each calorie level and you are not to deviate from the plan. I like the fact that you can choose your meal choice and are given about 7 meal selections for breakfast, lunch and dinner to choose from BUT its a diet and with only 7 selections that could get limiting long term.The other thing I disliked about the plan is the distribution of calories. Many folks are not hungry when they wake up and have trouble eating a lot of food. Jackowski's breakfast calories are substantial equal to those at lunch. I personally feel full in the am on just a few hundred calories, and would rather eat a small snack after dinner. But on the 1600 limited approach Jackowksi would have me stuff down 2 and 1/4 cup cereal, 1 cup skim milk, 1 cup berries, 12 almonds and 1 hard boiled egg for breakfast. Thats 500 calories! A lot more food than I want. My thought would be to perhaps eat some of what he suggests for breakfast and save some of it for an after dinner snack. In addition there are no vegetarian substitutions given.Jackowski's plans allow for 3 meals and 1 mid-afternoon snack.One thing that always inspires me with a diet book is the testimonials and Jackowski's got a bunch of them with pictures at the back of the book. But there was one MAJOR problem with the testimonials, they all followed the authors EXERCISE plan but few of them followed his EATING plan which is what &quot;Escape Your Weight&quot; is supposed to be about.In the first testimonial the happy loser describes how she doesn't combine carbs with proteins. Then she talks about funky foods. What is Suzanne Sommers diet doing in Ed Jackowki's book?I thought I would be reading testimonials for Ed's diet.Well at least he is honest. Essentially Ed is telling us that to lose weight you have to EAT LESS, EXERCISE MORE. There is no magic pill or bullet. And you can do it with his method that is laid out for you or you can use another method so long as you are burning more than what you take in.Ed also gives lots of tips throughout the 328 page book. Its well written and it includes a number of black and white photographs to illustrate the exercises and testimonials. There is also a section with advise on how to lose that last 10 pounds.Bottomline I would recommend this book for anyone who needs some commonsense weight loss advise. Just don't expect a miracle cus there isn't one out there!
22/25
4.0
1078358400
0060735147
Cindi Broaddus was on her way to a well deserved vacation when a stranger threw a bottle containing acid off an overpass. The bottle broke the car's dashboard, spewing the contents over Cindi and her boyfriend.Cindi's life was changed forever as the acid burned away layers of her skin and forced her to deal with tremendous emotional and physical pain.Early in the ordeal Cindi made the decision to become a survivor. Though the perpetrator of the crime changed Cindi's life forever she was determined that he would not destroy it.Cindi shares how her family rallied around offering support and the trials she went through to heal as much as she could.The sister in law of Dr. Phil she has appeared on his show to demonstrate courage and strength to others.Cindi's book is an incredible testament to her courage. In one section of the book she mentions how she used to think putting on makeup was a pain in the rear. After her accident she realized that she had been making mountains out of molehills.Reading Cindi's story made me realize how often I complain about small things. From now on I will stop and remember Cindi's story and realize what is really important.Thankyou Cindi for sharing!
3/5
5.0
1127088000
B0009Z3K12
I love Konami's latest DDR game - Dance Dance Revolution Extreme 2. Though past releases are great..DDR Extreme 2 is tops in being easy to use and fun to play.The placement of the menu is on the left of the screen so it's easy to see your choices and make a selection. Once you have chosen your playmode you select your style of play (one player, two player etc) degree of difficulty and character. Most of the characters are revealed right at the start and I was delighted to see Lady who was missing from DDR Extreme is back.Unlike Red Octanes "In the Groove" which I sold because of the unreasonably long load time, songs load quickly and are easy to access.There are a lot of great songs included in the game including Captain Jack, Play That Funky Music, Boom Boom Dollar, Cartoon Heroes, and more. It should be noted that some of the songs included like Oops I Did It Again are not sung by the original artists.To increase the fun factor in the game you can earn points to use to purchase new outfits for your characters..(Lady you will be getting out of that cowboy hat soon), songs etc.DDR is a great way to burn calories and feel like you are playing instead of working out and workout mode is included again with this game.The game is fantastic and highly recommended for fitness or just plain fun!
46/52
5.0
1133049600
1885171714
You know what I like about Brenda's books? They make you feel good and celebrate who you are! And Brenda's newest book, &quot;Brenda's Wardrobe Companion: A Guide to Getting Dressed From the Inside out&quot; is no exception.In the book Brenda acts as your shopping coach. She walks you step by step into the mire of your closet and helps you sort it out so you look and feel good every day.What do you prefer? A closet choc o'bloc of rarely worn items that have a habit of &quot;disguising, hiding, diminishing and undervaluing you&quot; or a well defined wardrobe that reflects your inner and outer beauty.You are a gem! And you deserve to look and feel your best. And that's what Brenda promises to help you do in this book.You begin by identifying what you like. You look at magazines and perhaps clip pictures of the looks that appeal to you.You use strategies to appreciate your body instead of depreciating your body. Brenda identifies stratiegies to use when shopping to get the look you want. Strategies like, looking for best fit, paying full price when the item is right, dressing for the body you are in not the body you want.Brenda walks you through a closet streamlining process step by step also. She encourages you to let go of the old that doesn't work (maybe never did ) and bring in fresh appeal.At the end of the book Brenda helps you pull your look together.This is a workbook for finally pulling your wardrobe together (and if you have that mastered life is so much easier!)Brenda really wants to help. She pours her heart and soul into the book to share the best of her knowledge. She wants to make your closet sharp and she wants YOU to feel great about yourself in the process!
68/72
4.0
1059696000
0963515047
This is a book I have mixed feelings about. The author is shown overweight and slender on the back cover. One caption reads, &quot;Edita before skinny pill&quot;. The other caption reads, &quot;Edita after skinny pill&quot; Yet the author claims in her previous book &quot;The Fountain of Youth&quot; that she lost her weight with &quot;The Fountain of Youth&quot; diet which is different from &quot;The Skinny Pill&quot; plan. The author explains in the book how frustrated she feels for women who eat healthy foods like broccoli and find it turns to fat. Come on Edita, its hard to believe that most women who eat a healthy diet in moderate portions will have major weight concerns unless they have a medical problem. Then Edita claims she had an eureka moment, she realized that you could buy pills to cure headaches etc. but she wondered where were the pills to make you skinny &quot;..where was the skinny aisle?&quot; I have seen plenty of products that claim to make you slim so I am not sure why Edita thought this was a new concept. Anyway, Edita developed a pill, and an eating plan she claims will make you slim. I have read about and used many of the supplements that make up her pill. Though I found her information to be consistent with other sources I have read, one fact she gives on chitosan is a bit misleading. In a special box in bold letters, she writes, &quot;250 mg of chitosan absorbs 1000mg of fat!&quot; Though she makes it sound like a lot, its not. 1000 mg of fat equals 1 gram of fat which is only 9 calories. So 250mg chitosan is not really absorbing that many calories. Though I believe chitosan can effectively be used as a fatblocker, it needs to be taken according to the amount of fat in what you are eating. I don't believe the small 250mg dose that is in the pill she recommends will do a whole lot. Edita also gives a bit of information on how to increase your fat loss with exercise. However there is not a lot of detail here. Exercise information is limited to 2 pages. Much more depth is needed. And Edita could have done that. Unlike her prior book, &quot;The Fountain of Youth&quot; which is jam-packed with information and detail, &quot;The Skinny Pill&quot; is a slim volume, with big type and lots of white space. Its almost like she rushed to get it out. There were mistakes, I noticed in the book also. The section on fiber, incorrectly listed some of the soluble and insoluble fibers. I found the eating plan to be very interesting though. According to Edita fiber rich foods should be eaten in the am. And proteins should be the focus in the pm. I decided to try this and though its too early to say for sure it does appear to work for me. Edita gives simple recipes, but does not give the detail she should. For example, one recipe calls for a 'large' scoop of ice cream. None of the recipes give nutritional information, which would be helpful to have. Edita advises you to take antioxidents along with her &quot;skinny pill&quot; but here again there is a lack of information on antioxidents themselves and exactly what to look for when selecting one. Edita describes what is in her skinny pill. You can make it yourself with ingredients from the health food store or purchase hers online or from an 800 number. Because I was so intriqued with her eating plan I felt it only fair to Edita to see if she could address some of my concerns regarding her book. But alas! I emailed her at her website 3 times for clarification. My emails were never responded to. I called her 800 number where they are happy to take your order but refer all questions to a long distance customer service number. I called that number several times, an answering machine answered each time and no one returned my calls. There are also NO RETURNS when you order from Edita. Supposedly because of the &quot;special prices&quot; which really dont seem so specail. A 30 day supply of her skinny pill is $35.95 with shipping! I also find it curious that though Edita claims &quot;The Skinny Pill&quot; is the way to get skinny she also sells a very different eating plan &quot;The Fountain of Youth&quot; plan. I noticed that one internet website had this plan for sale with a product that contained a fat burner that had all the ingredients of the skinny pill but was called something else! I would say Edita may be on to something but she leaves lots of unanswered concerns and a big ? in my mind.
173/175
3.0
947980800
B0009HN5Y2
When the transmitter on my old Polar "Smart Beat" started to fail, I had a choice of replacing the transmitter or buying a new monitor. I had never cared for the Smart Beat. The buttons were hard to push, features hard to figure out and the transmitter bulky, so I opted to purchase a new monitor.The "Smart Beat" was so frustrating to use, that I considered buying just a simple beat and calorie heartrate monitor. But as one who loves the bells and whistles, I thought I would try a more advanced model. If it was as frustraing as my old monitor I would send it back and get a simple one.Deciding on a heartrate monitor is difficult. I knew I wanted another Polar because of their reputation for quality but which one. Polar makes a ton of monitors. After examining different ones I decided the F-11 would offer me some nice features and meet my needs without being too complicated.The F-11 has won Polar a number of awards for innovation. The reason is the "Keep U Fit" program. With this progam you input your stats, take a fitness test (which is basically a timed measure of your resting heart rate) and the F-ll will tell you how fit you are. Next you tell the F-11 if you want to improve, maintain or maximize your fitness level. The F-11 then creates a weekly fitness plan for you. It tells you how many hours you should exercise, and how long you should be at each of your heart rate intensity levels. If you succeed you are awarded a digital gold cup - cute huh! If you don't want to follow the program you can just do a regular exercise session.The F-11 has a lot of great features. It will tell you calories burned, time in exercise and more. You can even pause your exercise session should you need to take a quick break to answer the phone, drink some water or do something else. You can also turn the audible sound off or on to let you know when you are "in" or "out" of your heartrate zone.The nicest thing about this Polar is it is easy to use. Digital images tell you when you are using the features. For example "Exercise" mode has a little image of a man. "Settings" mode has a view of gears. It will take a while to get used to the features but once you do the visual cues (which were not on my old Polar) will help you to remember whats what.The F-11 looks like a large oversized watch. It comes in two colors Grey Pepper and Red Chili. I thought the red color was cute but it's so oversized it was a bit gaudy on my wrist so I went with the grey.The transmitter on the F-11 is much smaller than that on older models. This transmitter is about 1/2 the size of a deck of cards and the electrodes are in a soft strap which is washable.The strap is sized to fit M-XXL but as a medium woman I thought it was on the smaller size. It does have stretch, but I do not think it would fit an XL and certainly not an XXL. Also the strap is clearly labled M-XXL..this may seem petty, a man may not care but what woman wants to run around with an XXL label sticking out?Overall, this is a great Polar and sure to bump your fitness up a notch!
268/274
5.0
1115337600
B000ETQPXI
If you are looking for a historical, insiders perspective on the Mideast you will enjoy this book.If you are interested in an insiders view of Queen Noor's life you will be disappointed.From the photographs in the book, you can see the love between the Queen and her husband. But when you read the pages, very little detail is shared.They meet. She expresses surprise that the King is interested in her. They date. They get married. Very little of their interpersonal relationship and courtship is described. She expresses her love for the King, but does not really describe their relationship.As the book is titled &quot;Memoirs of an Unexpected Life&quot; , I really expected to read about the Queen herself. I would like to know how she felt about people she met, her wardrobe, how she stays fit, what she likes, etc. But none of this is in the book or if its mentioned its glossed over. Instead we have fleeting impressions of her country.In one so tiny paragraph she describes how she recognized that her minimal wardrobe would not be sufficient when she married the King. I want to read more about her wardrobe, her daily routine, her thoughts on how she fits in the country. Yes I want some history but some fluff too. After all this is supposed to be a book about her.Sadly none of this is revealed and what is written could have been written by anyone with a slight knowledge of the Queen.
10/16
3.0
1054857600
B000EGEYWU
I am not a poker player..don't know how to play the game, but I was fascinated by Chris Moneymaker's book, "Moneymaker: How an Amateur Poker Player Turned $40 into $2.5 Million at the World Series of Poker".Though many people reading the book will know exactly how its played, I wasn't sure what Chris meant when he talked about the blind, the flop, the river etc. Chris has an explanation of the game and cards at the back of the book. Sadly I didn't realize this till I had finished the book. So take a peek at the back if you don't know how to play.Chris, started gambling as a child. As he grows older he works hard to make a few dollars but then will rashly toss $500 or even a thousand into a bet for a sports game.Eventually Chris begins to play the game of poker and enters a $40 Pokerstars internet competition. The game goes very well...so well that Chris eventually scores first prize: a $10,000 seat at Binion"s Championship Poker.Chris recounts his thoughts and feelings as he faces opponents, and walks away with the grand prize of 2.5 million dollars...a nice chunk of change!Though Chris tends to whine and make excuses for when he loses, (I was drunk...I was tired...) he writes a very interesting book. You feel like you are at the poker table with him and you get a backstage feel for the championship.Super read and I am sure a heck of a lot more people are entering the Pokerstars $40 tournaments these days!
8/9
4.0
1120262400
B0007PNEGA
From the minute I met Maya, my new personal trainer I was hooked. Maya is a virtual fitness "person" who will help you meet your fitness goals.The program begins with Maya greeting you and giving you a fitness assessment. Here you will input your height, weight and activity level and you will do a series of exercises; crunches, sit-ups, push-ups, and jumping jacks. Then you check your heart rate and input the information. Based on your level of fitness Maya will recommend an exercise program for you. She will tell you what you need to do and how many days a week you need to do it, to help you achieve your goals.Maya will give you a selection of spaces to exercise in and ask what equipment you have. If you own a stepper, stability ball, weights and heart rate monitor, she will incorporate these into the workout. I would highly recommend adding all the equipment - especially the weights and heart rate monitor as these can really help you achieve your fitness goals.After selecting your space (different virtual rooms with a different feel to each one) Maya begins your personalized program. During the workout she will ask you how you are feeling or you can at any time increase or decrease the intensity of the workout. At the bottom of the screen a scroll tells you what is coming up next in the workout ie squats, sidesteps, a stepper etc. You can also change the music selection - over 70 songs are available including hip hop, latin and 80's. The bottom also counts down the time of your workout - a fabulous feature.Over time as you exercise, you will "unlock" treats from Maya like new workout spaces. Because she has so many "moves" your execise time with Maya will vary from one day to the next and keep your interest.Maya also will hold you accountable. If you miss a day she will ask (nicely) where you were. As you exercise she will encourage you. Maya's voice is a beautiful, easy to listen to voice and you can lower or raise the volume of her voice and/or the music.Maya herself is a buff looking brunette, it would have been nice if one could personalize their trainer's looks, and I will bet that's not to far down the road!Maya also has a peaceful room where she will lead you in a nice yoga interlude. As you progress through the program Maya will help you adjust your goals and set new ones.She will also set meal plans for you if desired.I have to admit Maya has amazed me, besides kicking my booty in our exercise sessions. And the price point of $35 is so reasonable. Others love it too and there is an online community at www.yourselffitness.com devoted to discussions on this program.Highly recommended!UPDATE: I had a question about the program and was very pleased with the Yourself!Fitness representative Caroline's fast response and helpfulness. Double delight - a great program with super customer service!
144/145
5.0
1113091200
0060193913
This is an eye opening look at Palm Beach society featuring big bucks and big boobs (2 kinds of boobs-silicone and people!) Seriously,Kessler devotes a whole chapter to the fake breasts that dot the Palm Beach landscape! And the silly, snobby behavior of some of the locals is described by Kessler in great detail. The money must grow on palm trees there too. Kessler describes in depth how the $$$ are made, spent and used as tools to further &quot;ones position&quot;. And there are lots of $$$ flowing. Kessler does tend to focus though on limited areas in Palm Beach. At times I felt as though I was reading an advertisement for the Palm Beach restaurant Taboo. Not that it wasnt interesting. I had lunch at Taboo several years ago and never realized that folks there have been know to pay $500 for twinkies with cream and leave their panties for the busboy. If I ever get back there I will certainly be more attentive! I was also surprised to read that Donald Trump who does not play well in the media often coming across as self centered and immature actually listens to people and appears interested in them.(Or did the private flight in &quot;the Donalds&quot; plane influence Kesslers opinion?) Regardless of what his true character is, sounds like the Trump is shaking up the Palm Beach area with his gusto and drive! I am so sorry I did not get a chance to visit Donald's club while I was there...Sounds gorgeous, if one can afford the dues! It was also interesting to read that Palm Beach is considered very safe. Unfortunately I had a bad experience just on the outskirts after dining at the absolutely exquisite Breakers hotel (which is not mentioned in the book enough) that has not helped my feelings towards the town despite its great beauty. The book is gossipy, revealing and definately a juicy read. I do wish though that Kessler had explored some other avenues in the town and not focused primarily on Taboo and just a few other places. Overall though a nice, light read. Perfect for the pool! (Oh you say its winter where you are? Well why aren't you flying to one of your other homes for the season?!)
34/41
4.0
940809600
1932273042
The book &quot;Secrets of Style&quot; describes itself as, &quot;the complete guide to dressing your best everyday&quot; and it does not disappoint.Jam-packed with detailed information, fine illustrations and beautiful color photographs, the book is a treasure for the woman who wants to look great.&quot;Secrets of Style&quot; is an offshoot of Instyle Magazine. The magazine's fashion coverage over the years has been extensive. The author, Lisa Arbetter and the editors of Instyle, have compiled the information from the magazine and transformed it, into a working guide for the reader.The beauty of the book is the information will not become dated. This is not a book about clothes. This is a book about style. By reading the book and visually seeing the examples you will learn how to develop, expand and enhance your sense of style.We all want to look good. To wear our clothes and not let them wear us. To build a wardrobe of garments that meets our needs, gives value for our dollar and makes us look our personal best.And within these pages you will learn how to do exactly that.&quot;Secrets of Style&quot; includes chapters on selecting the clothes to best flatter your figure. How to spot quality. Vintage shopping. Best fit for jackets, pants, skirts and more. A look at lingerie. Picking shoes and bags. Care, repair and storage of items. There are sections on a stylish pregnancy and tying a scarf. The editors have done an exhaustive job to cover everything from head to toe and more!The color photographs are lush and telling. Nothing like seeing a picture to gain a clear view of what looks great. Many of the photographs are from issues of Instyle and these are classics. Kate Hudson glowing in her champagne Versace. Jane Fonda booted in a scene from Barbarella. Sela Ward with a lipstick red bag adding &quot;punch&quot; to an all black outfit. Despite the use of celebrities many in designer duds it's still very effective in teaching those of us in Gap what works and what doesn't.This book will help you analyze your wardrobe, find your best look and pull it together with confidence. An excellent resource!Lee Mellott
98/105
5.0
1065052800
0812967658
Your husband wouldn't dare tell you. Your girlfriend might not either. But Leah Feldon will! Filled with refreshing anectodes and jammed with information, &quot;Does This Make Me Look Fat&quot; gives you all the information you need to make good fashion decisions! You can look slimmer, taller, more elegant and better proportioned. Leah explains what styles work best for different body types, colors that slim, optical illusions that add sleek elegance, selecting a bathing suit without angst and much more! Her section on accessories covers everything from shoes that make your feet look clunky to belts that pack pounds on your waistline! She even includes information on what to look for in a quality garment and how to wear your hair for best effects. But Leah goes beyond telling you what will look best she explains in great detail why it will look best. So when you go shopping you will know what to look for. Interspersed throughout the text are interesting quotes from celebrities like designer Isaac Mizrahi and actress Minnie Driver. I would like to have seen some actual photographs of clothing but the line drawings included are helpful. The book is informative and an enjoyable read. I recommend it. But if you read the book and are still not sure if a garment makes you look fat just ask your mother!
84/85
5.0
984700800
0394547047
If you are reading this review you may be wondering why is the book French Chic by Susan Sommers so expensive. This out of print beauty sells for upwards of $100 and climbing. Yet the book was published in 1988. Fashion books come and go, so why does French Chic continue to climb in price and how has it managed to develop a popularity with little publicity.The answer is simple. The book teaches step by step methods to attain the mystique of French Style and it is one of a kind. When I got my copy of the book I was stunned. Many of the outfits seemed somewhat dated. But as I read through the book, I was captivated. The bones of the book teach what has eluded foreign admirers for years. How to truly get &quot;that look&quot;. The special chapter on 'What French Mothers Teach Their Daughters' says it all. Learning the tips on these few pages alone will make you unforgettable. In addition to the attitude and wardrobe of the French woman Summers covers the makeup. With the French the emphasis is on the lips. Though I prefer her cousin book, the less pricey &quot;Italian Style&quot; I have learned much from both books. Another wonderful book for those who enjoy &quot;French Chic&quot; is the harder to find (not even in Amazon's database) &quot;French Style - How to Think, Dress and shop like a Frenchwoman&quot; by Veronique Vienne. All are lovely books for those wishing to look fabulous, elegant and sexy with flair!
81/82
4.0
996883200
0440504104
If you would like to lose weight or eat a healthier diet, experts often recommend you keep track of what you are eating. For a number of years I tried different methods. I used scraps of paper, a large notebook, a calender book, and even a complicated food journal. Eventually I stopped journaling - too much work. Then one day I found this little spiral bound book - Corinne Netzer's Dieter's Diary. It really simplifies the tracking process! It contains an easy to use format to track your intake for 16 weeks. Each week is divided into 7 individual days and you can easily jot down what you ate throughout the day. It includes a spot to write in calories OR you can easily write in points instead if you are on the Weight Watchers program or grams of protein if you are Zoning. The back of the book has calorie counts for common foods. But even if this information is not helpful to you, the organization of the rest of the book can be a super tool to help you achieve your goals! After one week I could easily see problem areas and correct them. And the information can be reviewed over a longer time period as the booklet is for a 16 week period. At the bottom of each page is a small space to write in comments. At the end of each week is an area to write in a weekly progress report and goals for the next week. I think this is an excellent tool, simple yet very effective!
35/36
5.0
973382400
6304396031
Firm Strength (formerly called Strongbody) is an excellent workout approx. 1 hour long. Firm Strength is one of the Firm's crosstrainer tapes. It was designed to be alternated with another tape Firm Cardio (formerly called Strongheart)to maximize results. The workout is at an intermediate level. Led by Pam Cauthen, the workout starts with a warmup/stretch and includes 10min. of aerobics, 32 minutes of bodybuilding, 8 min of abs/thigh work and a short final stretch. The Firm usually uses lavish sets in their videos. This setting is a beautiful library, darker than some of the other sets but lovely. Pam gives good cueing and has just the right amount of enthusiasm! Equipment needed includes a tall step up box for leg work, aerobic step, dumbbells. Ankle weights and barbell are optional.
11/12
5.0
958780800
1932958517
From US Weekly magazine comes "US Secrets of Celebrity Style: A Crash Course in Dressing Like the Stars". This is a nifty oversized, softcover that focuses on how the stars dress to look good and grab attention and how you can too.US Secrets reveals the classic elements that the stars have worn for years that are timeless in appeal and make people wonder - "Who is she?" The book starts with the white shirt. You see Ingrid Bergman wearing the classic in 1951 and Mary J. Bilge updating the white shirt look today. Other basics are covered like scarfs, sunglasses, the little black dress etc.Then the book delves into occasions like what to wear to a summer wedding or how to ultra-glam up an evening. Celebrities of today are used with looks you can copy and get ideas from.Vintage looks are shown with modern updates.The book also includes best bets for body styles,age style, accessories and more. What to do and what NOT to do are covered. Celebrities range from classic icons like Audrey Hepburn and Jackie O to the newly minted Paris Hilton and Tara Reid. Tons of celebs..Uma Thurman, Kirsten Dunst, Cameron Diaz, Reese Witherspoon, Kate Hudson, Selma Blair and more..(One caveat, though they have a special section on what to wear for your age, most of the celebs featured throughout the book are under 35.)The book is a good source for inspiration. My daughter loves fashion. Looking through the book we find different ways to wear the pieces she has in her wardrobe without spending a bundle.Jennifer Aniston is not a favorite of mine so I am not fond of the books cover. However, I read a comment in a magazine that said that though Ms. Aniston is not super attractive her total packaging ie grooming and clothes gives her a lot of star appeal. So that makes the cover understandable. Still I think a book on clothing and style could have had a better cover than a blow up of her face.Overall the book is a good read and packed with good tips and ideas.
21/23
5.0
1116979200
B000BKHEOO
Here again is yet another book that though it has DIET in the title claims that it is NOT a diet but a way of life. In fact the author warns you to stay far away from low carb diets but the diet he shares looks very similar (with the exception of the addition of protein powder) to the "South Beach Diet" to me.The diet tries to include women but it really is geared to men. The vitamin recommended is for men. The actual menu plan is a one size fits all for men (no difference for women). And then the author claims that the Abs Diet is built around foods you crave - peanut butter, roasted pork loin and lobster. DAVID! What are you thinking? Yes men tend to crave meat but a majority of women crave chocolate and bread (chocolate is not included in the diet)! His advise to use instant oatmeal rather than the oldfashioned type is also surprising as instant is supposed to cause blood sugar surges.David claims that most people when following the plan will be able to see definition in their abs within 6 weeks. But David, doesnt share that most women will never have defined abs because most women have a natural curve to their bodies and they would have to have a very low percentage of body fat to get that lean to show definition which is rare.David does explain cholesterol and some other medical issues in very simple terms. Kudos to him for that. But some of his explanations were more opinions than based on actual fact. Thediet is so much of a diet with protein shakes and similar meals each day, salads and turkey and so lacking in pleasure that I am not sure people can stay on it for a long term. He even says on page 104 "Heck I don't care if you eat the same thing every day for a week." which pretty much sums up the meal plan ..BORING.BTW recipes are not exactly enticing either from p. 142 `"Smear the mayo on the tortilla".David does give you permission to cheat once a week which is curious as this is not supposed to really be a diet according to the book but a way of life despite the title.To give credit David has been associated with "Men's Health" for years and he has a very comprehensive section on exercise. But he states that you lose more weight with lifting weights than you do with an aerobic activity such as running. Again I disagree, take a look at runners - most are very slim. Compare that to bodybuilders. I am not saying lifting weights is a bad thing just that running will burn flab off faster.The book also includes some good testimonials ie "I turned flab into muscle" but alas no supporting before and after pictures.
10/21
3.0
1102118400
B000KME3T2
If you are ready to free yourself from the enslavement of calorie orfat counting or excessive exercise - this is the book for you!&quot;Diets Don't Work&quot; explains in simple language why dietsfail to help people achieve their weight loss goals. It includeswritten exercises to help you crystalize your desires and reasons youare overweight. By helping you delve into your inner self and byteaching you the skills that naturally thin people naturally do, thisbook can put you on the road to losing your excess weight and keepingit off without dieting! The book covers topics such as how naturallypeople stay thin, four things overweight people never do when theyeat, the main reason why you eat to much, the diet mentality and more!This book is in its 14th printing and is the revised updated versionof the original &quot;Diets Don't Work&quot; book. It was printed in1996. Another book by the author &quot;Diets Still Don't Work&quot;was published in 1990 after the release of the original &quot;DietsDon't Work&quot; book. The books cover essentially the sameinformation with only a few variations, so you really need purchaseonly one or the other. I recommend this book if you are tired of thediet roller coaster and want to live a naturally thin diet free life!
32/34
5.0
967766400
B000OVG3Q0
Folks who love the original book, Formula 101 by the Daoust's will most likely be very disappointed in this companion book.The main reason is that almost everything in it is a repeat of the &quot;Formula 101&quot; book. And new information given is what almost everyone already knows.The most annoying part of the book is the verbatim repeat of information. For example the meal plan selection chart (this describes what meal planner to use based on your weight and activity level) is listed in the book about 5 times. Recipes in the book are repeats of recipes in the &quot;Formula 101&quot; book. Most of the tips and ideas in the book are already in the &quot;Formula 101&quot; book.There are a few added tips. 100 tips are given altogether. But the added tips are common knowledge. Tips such as visualize yourself at your goal, park your car far from the store so you can get more exercise, drink lots of water etc. Nothing new here.What I would like to have seen was photographs and testimonials from folks who succeeded with the &quot;Formula 101&quot;. New recipes.More dining out ideas. In general new information. Sadly none of that is in the book.The large margins, big type and lack of information makes this book not worth the $. Come on Gene and Joyce, you can do better!
18/18
3.0
1056067200
1888043040
0I purchased this book due to the rave reviews but was verydisappointed. The authors claim to have developed a new 'technology'called &quot;Instantaneous Transformation&quot; which is about achange of states, shifting of realities. The concept is to accept andbe aware without judgement. This according to the Kanes can lead to aquantum shift in your life by teaching you how to remain centered, beincreasingly satisfied, develop better relationships etc. As I readthrough the book it all seemed so familiar. These concepts were verywonderfully presented over 15 years ago by Baba Ram Dass in a bookcalled &quot;Be Here Now&quot;. It was also written with wide spacingand simple sentences like this book. The concepts of&quot;Instantaneous Transformation&quot; are also used in many otherphilosophies. .... The book has little meat and many of the storiesdid seem to be judgemental. A characteristic they are opposed to. Ialso disagree with the premise of becoming one with yourfeelings. That is, if you are sad embrace it. There is much you can doto uplift your mood and why not be joyous if you can be! I find that Ireally can help determine my happiness. Yes sometimes I am down butthere is much I can do to brighten my day and why not do it instead ofsurrendering to gloom. The Kane's also state that being with someoneclose to death can be a rich experience and feel wonderful. Thissaddens me. I personally found no joy and delight in this book. ....
52/83
1.0
974332800
B000PCCKC4
Imagine a life where your parents describe homelessness as an exciting adventure. Where lunch has you checking the trash for other kid's leftovers. And where the toilet is a bucket in the middle of the room.Jeannette Wall's memoir is frightening, yet fascinating. The story begins with young Jeannette's visit to the emergency room suffering from deep burns due to a cooking accident. Jeannette had been making dinner at the tender age of 3, a typical daily affair despite her young age.Raised by eccentric parents, Jeannette tells the tale without whining or asking for sympathy. Her dad drank too much but shared his genius in other ways. At Christmas for example, there was no money for gifts but her dad "gave" her a star which he said would last forever - much longer than the traditional kids Xmas toy. Her mom was an artist who had better things to do than care for kids so the kids pretty much raised themselves. When there was money they ate and when there wasn't they didn't. When they ate, the mom might cook a pot of beans which served as breakfast, lunch and dinner for as long as it lasted.Jeannette's tale is an amazing look at an incredibly difficult childhood. A page turner - very hard to put down.
6/7
5.0
1118275200
0789303728
This book offers a lovely look at the Parisian's way of dressing in style. The authors Virginie and Veronique Morana (mother and daughter) share their ideas on the essential wardrobe, accessories, and jewelry. They also include a chronology of French fashion, history of French perfume and shopping tips. Throughout the book Virginie and Veronique are pictured in different settings ie shopping, having tea etc wearing the types of clothes they recommend. The book is by no means an in depth guide to French style as is the out of print, comprehensive book &quot;French Chic&quot; by fashion reporter Susan Sommers, but is more of a simple, overview of the French style. The basics of French style are shared here from which you can build. I found the photographs of the mother/daughter team a refreshing change from models. Here we see how real women translate the French clothing to the street. And the fashions shown would work well in the US. Some of the garments are laid out on a chair making it hard to see details however. In addition, though the section on jewelry was extensive as the authors own a jewelry boutique, the section on makeup was sketchy limited to a paragraph. Overall I enjoyed the little book but view it more as a light overview not a deep picture of French fashions.
54/57
4.0
978393600
B000PIU2DM
Jana Klauer an MD specializing in weight control with a private practise in the ritzy Park Avenue area of New York has penned a weight loss book describing how she helps her rich patients lose weight. She describes her diet as "the key to how successful, rich and busy modern men and women get it off and keep it off."The title to the book sounded a bit gimmicky so I was surprised as I read the book to read alot of solid information. She stresses the importance of daily exercise, how protein can help suppress appetite, why calcium can increase your metabolism, how prescription drugs can cause weight gain and more. There is a lot of good information in this book and Dr. Klauer spells it out; weightloss takes effort and determination. She also includes a simple method to help with cravings that can really come in handy. (Set a stopwatch for 15 minutes, drink water, eat protein to normalize your blood sugar and wait it out.)But despite the excellent information Klauer shares, the bottomline is "How The Rich Get Thin" is a high protein, low carb diet that will be very difficult to stay on. There are two phases. Phase 1 is the "Get It Done Phase". You follow this phase till you are within 5 pounds of your goal weight. Typical day: Breakfast: 2 omega 3 eggs with 1 ounce of low fat cheese and 1/2 cup of berries, coffee or tea. Midmorning: A cup of green tea. Lunch: A large mesclun salad with 4 grilled shrimp and lemon juice, tea, water. Afternoon snack: Caprese Salad, water, green tea. Dinner: Mixed green salad with 2oz Parmesan cheese and lemon juice, 4-5 oz red snapper, steamed asparagus, yogurt with cinnamon for desert. Phase 2 maintenance adds in some carbs but not many.Not a lot of food. And you are also expected to exercise for 1 hour each day. My guess is anyone who can follow this plan is either already thin or will likely regain any weight they lose from following it. It's simply too restrictive.Dr. Klauer intersperses her text with little quips and Park Avenue tales..these range from interesting to pretty silly.For example she tells how embarrased one of her patients, Amber, was when she told her date to order dinner for her and then left to use the restroom when he ordered. When she returned she complimented him on his choice of the salmon only to be told it was not salmon but was a very rare, expensive wild Arctic char fish. "Amber was mortified and for the rest of the evening said very little to avoid making any other faux pas". Seems to me that a grown women who is "mortified" by mistaking one fish for another needs a little head examination..not a weight loss doctor.Dr.Klauer also suggests you reach for the very fine quality food items and avoid processed foods. I am fine with this but as an example she would have you reach for the "20 gram presentation of Caviar Tsar Imperial Beluga" instead of the lumpfish from a tin. When I took a peek at prices for the Imperial Beluga..well lets just say that at $175 for a 50gram serving, most of us will be sticking with Chicken of the Sea tuna.Dr. Klauer makes the case for avoiding processed foods and also encourages you to add more calcium to your diet. She says many of her patients enjoy Viactiv calcium chews. Main ingredient in the chews, corn syrup. Second ingredient, high fructose corn syrup. Not a good choice for one avoiding faux foods.The 268 page book includes recipes such as Lauren's Marinated Tuna, Black Soybean Salsa with Cod, Greek Lamb Meatballs with Yogurt Tahini Salad, Baked Pears with Walnuts and Figs and Yogurt Cheesecake. Her preference would be you use organic eggs, fresh herbs and spices and and whole wheat flour when called for. It should be noted that splenda is used instead of sugar in the recipes.The back of the book lists resources including mercury levels in fish, also restaurants and shops in New York where you can purchase high quality foods and there is reference section.Bottomline..good overall information but unreasonably strict diet for the short or long haul no matter how much money you have.
180/181
3.0
1136851200
0895262207
Dr. Vigilante makes some very good points in the book &quot;Low-fat Lies High Fat Frauds&quot;. He states that society has been duped into believing the lower the fat in your diet the better. He also states that many of us have replaced these fats with sugars and false fats. He makes the case for olive oil as a healthy fat to add to ones diet. At the back of the book he includes some recipes. The book has its drawbacks though. The main one is he allots about 3/4 of the book to telling the reader why other diets dont work. KEVIN! We already know that or we wouldn't be reading your book! He then goes on to support a diet that is rich in olive oil, alot of olive oil! For a roasted vegie dish he includes 1/3 of a cup. There is 1/4 cup in his strawberry spinach salad. Now I have to agree with Dr. Vigilante that too low fat and no fat are NOT the way to go. I believe a lot of folks (including myself) may have thought at one time that the lower fat the better and many of us (me too) may have substituted what we thought were healthy lofat/nofat foods for fuller fat ones. Unfortunately, some of us discovered (me again) that we did not lose any weight because we were still eating to many calories, maybe more. Because instead of having the satiation fat provides we were eating a ton of sugar. However, I think we dont need to go overboard on the fat (even the healthy fat) either. Moderation seems more in order whether it be with sugar or fat such as olive oil. Though olive oil is a healty fat it still packs a wholloping 14grams of fat per tablespoon and should also be used in moderation. My thoughts are to eat a rich varied diet with lots of fibrous carbs, water, lean proteins, easy on the starches, some good fat and some junk tossed in now and then. Despite the heavy olive oil if lightened up a bit the recipes are yummy. And in his book Vigilante also makes the case for a glass of red wine or grape juice and lists the health benefits in detail something which is rarely done.
42/46
3.0
949536000
0440508525
This is a slim, handy, journal that really helps make carb counting easy. Instead of recording what you eat on tiny scraps of paper you may lose easily or using complicated journals, this book simplifies the process.The first page has space for you to record your goals including, current and desired weight, measurements, and current and desired exercise.Then the book begins with Day 1 where you will find spaces to include the date, your weight and general comments. Each meal is listed in order of breakfast, lunch, dinner and then snacks.Next to where you record what you ate there is a space to fill in the carbs.At the end of each week there is a progress report where you can fill in your accomplishments and goals for the following week.The journal covers 16 full weeks so its easy to look back and see the progress or mis-steps you have made. And the spiral bound journal lays flat, so it's easy to write in.The back of the journal includes a list of common foods and their carb counts.Though the journal is a bit large for smaller pocketbooks (8&quot;tall by 4&quot; wide), it will fit in a larger bag or a briefcase easily.Another nice touch are the little hints and tips that appear on some of the pages, to help you make your low carbohydrate diet a success. Sample tip, &quot; When you want a snack reach for tasty low-carb cheese. Wrap up some slices of your favorite kind and bring them along to the movies in place of popcorn.&quot;The book is a super nice tool to help you track your progress!
9/9
5.0
1043712000
B0007Y6BS4
For many years I used a digital scale that gave me a different readout each time I used it. I like to weigh daily but found that stepping up and down on the scale several times to get an average weight was frustrating. I thought that was the norm with scales until I started reading scale reviews and discovered that many people found the Tanita line to be accurate. If they weighed several times in a row they got a consistent readout. They did not have to take an average as I did with my Health-O-Meter. As a treat to myself, for losing 10 pounds, I decided to purchase a Tanita and after doing some research opted for the Tanita BC533.The Tanita BC533 is a state of the art scale that measures your weight (to two-tenths of a pound), body fat, visceral fat, bone mass, metabolic age and muscle mass. It is very simple to operate. You input your height, weight, average physical activity level and age. The Tanita will remember this information for up to four people so you only have to do it once, unless your information changes. (There is also a guest mode if a visitor wants to try it.) Once you have programmed the scale you toe tap your number, step on the platform and you will see your weight and body fat measurement. (Note - If you wear socks the body fat measurement will not work.) Then you can toe tap other buttons of your choice. A little figure gives you a visual cue as to what the buttons are. For example for muscle mass the figure is holding weights. For bone mass there is a tiny skeleton inside the figure. You decide which body composition features you wish to check. You may for example want to check your bone mass once a month, or then again you may want to check it weekly. It's up to you. It's as simple as pressing the corresponding button, and takes only seconds.Tanita has also introduced the Ironman Innerscan line. I was not sure of the difference so I called customer service. Amber went out of her way to explain the benefits of the Innerscan line, and the basic difference between the regular Innerscan and the Ironman. The Ironman gives you your BMI or basal metabolic caloric rate. This is the basic number of calories your body needs. The regular Innerscan (like the BC533) gives you your DCI instead. The DCI is a calculation where the BMI is multiplied by your activity level to tell you the number of calories you are taking in to maintain the weight you are. When you see this information you can then adjust up or down to help you gain or lose weight or stay the same. Nifty!Tanita includes a guide with the scale that explains exactly how the scale works. The scale is a bioimpedence device. A low level current (which you don't feel) passes through your body and the impedance or resistance level is used to calculate body composition. The booklet explains healthy ranges of body fat and also explains what body water percentage, visceral fat, etc. mean.The scale is also very attractive. Sleek styling and easy to use. Those with poor vision may find the buttons a little hard to see. But the visual clues will help. Despite the glass surface the scale stays very clean.The BC533 is an outstanding tool to help you accomplish your health goals!
608/618
5.0
1116979200
B0007LQ4H0
Over the years I have read a number of diet books. One expert after another sharing a different diet, none of which worked for me. Food combining, low carb, no-fat, over exercising, dubious supplements and other weight loss methods resulted in my needing to lose 40 pounds instead of the 20 I wanted to lose when I started.Then I came across Julia Havey's book. Julia is not a scientist, doctor, or nutritionist. Julia is a woman who weighed 290 pounds, wore a size 24 and hit rock bottom when she discovered her spouse was unfaithful. Determined to change her attitude and her life, she lost over 130 pounds, found new love and was crowned Mrs. Missouri!She shares how she accomplished her weight loss in her book &quot;Awaken The Diet Within&quot; and she teaches how you can reach your weight loss goals too. Julia has been there. She understands the pain and frustration of being overweight. The despair at failing at yet another diet. And she knows that dieting does not work. Lifestyle and mental changes work. This is the key to &quot;Awaken The Diet Within&quot;.Simple steps equal big results. Julie teaches you step by step what to do to get the body you want. There is no complicated diet, strenuous workout or special pill you have to take. You don't need a PhD to understand the book. It's very clear and concise.Reading the book is like chatting with your best girlfriend. Your friend has lost a ton of weight. She looks fantastic! And now she is going to tell you in simple terms how you can lose the weight you want too and she is going to root for you every step of the way!First you develop the right attitude. Mini questions will help you really dig deep into why you want to lose weight and what you can accomplish with your weight loss. Then Julia holds your hand and walks you step by step to achieve your goal. One step builds upon another. These are baby steps. You do not go to step 2 until you have accomplished the first one. It's very doable.Steps include drinking tons of water, exercising, eating lots of fruits and vegies etc. Of course you know that these are important to weight loss. But in the past you may not have been able to consistently include them in your life. Julia teaches you how. She teaches you how to work the food pyramid so it helps you stay healthy and fit.I cannot emphasize enough how inspiring Julia is. She tells you what you need to do in a way that makes you want to do it! Her words are powerful and she speaks from her soul. Her honesty and caring shine through the book. You will be motivated!As you work through the program steps, Julia includes advise on staying the course, building confidence and so much more. At the back of the book is a handy shopping list and a number of recipes including her famous veggie sandwich, healthy oatmeal cookies, mushroom salad, linguine with asparagus, pineapple pork chops and more. The recipes I tried were not only delicious, but simple to prepare with easy to find ingredients.I really love this book! Julia makes the weight loss process so clear and simple. At last! Thank you so much Julia!
139/143
5.0
1060473600
0809224275
I purchased this book years ago, decided it was too much work and got rid of it. Then I started reading other diet books, opted to go on the French diet and even got a job working at an online French diet site! What a great opportunity to help other people and lose weight while enjoying chocolate, cheese and wine. There was just one problem, after working for the site over a year I had gained weight!When my scale settled on a new high number it was depressing and the shapeless clothing selection wasn't exciting either.I knew I needed to get the weight off not just for looks but for health purposes also.I have read and tried numerous diets over the years but to be honest I couldn't stay on them for more than a day. And as sexy as the French diet seemed, I had trouble eating french bread, chocolate and other goodies in moderate portions.Then I read an article in the paper. It said that protein satisfied hunger better than fat or carbohydrates. It said that low carbohydrate diets worked not because of the low carbs but because of the high protein. In tests, participants could not eat as much food, nor did they want as much when they ate a higher protein diet. It was like a light bulb flicked on. I had tried high protein diets in the past and knew that they were not for me, but I also knew protein quelled hunger. I did not want to give up carbohydrates but as I read through the article I realized that maybe if I ate less of them and more protein it might be the key. It might help quell my carbo cravings. But what was the right balance?Then I remembered the IR diet book. I bought it again and put it to work. With the IR diet you can eat WHATEVER you want. BUT you must make sure to balance the carbs with the proteins. For every 15 grams of carbs you must balance with 7 grams protein. And you are limited to so many carbs per meal. Though I thought it would be complicated it was actually very easy.To my shock I found I was in control of my cravings the very first day! My breakfast included a high protein and carb cereal with a lo-carb yogurt topper. From that moment on, I found I got hungry less often and when I did I could control my choices. The other day I wanted potato chips so I had some but made sure I linked them with a protein. Most afternoons I enjoy a vita- muffin (recommened by Dr. Gullo in his "The Thin Commandments" book, which is also outstanding) thats choc o'bloc with fiber and a glass of milk. Linked balanced and no cravings for more later!And the scale started going down immediately. I also found a great support group at soulcysters. Though I don't have PYCOS, many members of the group follow the diet and have found it to be the only thing that works for them. I also believe this plan will help people with or without insulin resistance.The authors do endorse low fat products. The key here is to pick and choose. For example butter gives you a lot of calories in a small amount, but I would rather eat real butter than tasteless lo-cal fat free margarine. But I will eat a lite mayo over the full fat. Make the choices you enjoy.I still enjoy chocolate, wine and cheese but I make sure they are linked and balanced so I am losing weight and I stay in control!
64/67
5.0
1123200000
B0000Y3FOO
I purchased the #11 foot file a few years ago and was so delighted with it, I decided to purchase the #20.If you only purchase one tool the #11 is the best at giving your feet a good overall smoothing. The #20 is a great companion however, to further smooth rougher spots. If you have calloused areas that need attention the #20 will make short work of them and you can follow up with the #11.The #20 has a larger, grittier surface than the #11. It attacks rough areas quickly and painlessly. Within a few seconds your feet can be smooth and soft. The file cleans easily with soap and water and will last for years.An excellent value and great for your tootsies!
21/21
5.0
1111536000
B0000Y3FQC
I had never heard of this product before I came across some reviews of top beauty products on makeupalley.com. Folks raved about the power of this little tool. At $47 I was hesitant but decided to ante up. And I am so glad I did.The #11 buffer is an outstanding tool. Used dry, you simple rub it across your feet. Dry skin quickly sheds off leaving a soft smooth surface. I follow the buffing with a good moisturizer and tuck my tootsies in socks. The results are smooth, soft pampered feet!The price may seem high at first, but a pittance when you think of all the money you would have spent on pedicures.The tool is designed to last for years and after use a quick wash with a small soft toothbrush and soap will have it ready for the next use.An excellent value!
17/18
5.0
1111536000
1579544169
Picture Perfect Weight Loss Shoppers Guide is the companion book to Dr. Shapiro's original book Picture Perfect Weight Loss (PPWL).The book PPWL uses visual pictures to help readers realize the differences in calories between items. For example, you could eat one black and white cookie or eat a whole box of fudge pops!The intent of the book PPWL is to help you become aware of your food choices in order to make healthier choices and/or lose weight.The PPWL Shopper's Guide takes the information from the original book one step further by giving you brand name items to look for in your grocery store. The guide does not show the stunning pictures like the original book does. Instead it &quot;walks&quot; you through the supermarket aisles and helps you make good choices.It's like having Dr. Shapiro or one of his assistants with you. At the beginning of the book Shapiro recaps the PPWL program. Then he teaches you how to read food labels. Next you are given a list of anytime foods. These are items to keep around all the time. Fruits and veggies head the list. But there are also some surprises, like tootsie pops, and frozen desserts.Item by item, Dr. Shapiro walks you throught the grocery store and helps you fill your cart with delicious, nutritious foods that will keep the pounds off. You learn what to look for in the dairy section, frozen food aisle, meat area, bread shelf etc. Depriviation and dieting are things of the past! You can eat well, lose weight and enjoy by making simple changes!Though smaller than many books the PPWL Shopper's Guide is not pocketsized. Its a book you would be more likely to read at home and then go shopping. I would like to see Dr. Shapiro put out an additional book. A tiny brand name shoppers guide that you could tuck in your pocket and use at the store. This book has that information but so much additional info that sizewise its more for home use and to make a grocery list from. Hopefully, Dr. Shapiro will put out a condensed, handy to carry version in the future.The book is an excellent source of information and will help you make the best supermarket choices to improve your health and or achieve permanent weight loss!
33/33
5.0
1029283200
1592008666
Over the years I have read a number of books on weight training. Most give you a routine, tell you how buff you are gonna look and toss in a picture or too. And they assume you know alot including proper form and what the heck the exercise is doing for your body.Maran's Illustrated Weight Training is different. This book will give you a firm grounding in weight training. It covers everything so you will have a solid foundation to train for best results.The book begins with something that is often missed in others - a picture of the human body with the muscles labeled. It is hard to work your "latissimus dorsi" or your "gluteu minimus" terms I have heard video instructors shout out, when you don't have a clue what they are. Marans gives you a clearly labeled front and rear view human body illustration.Next the book makes the case for working out at home or at the gym. If you opt to set up a home gym you will learn what to look for in barbells, a bench, rack etc. If you opt to go to a gym you will learn what to look for before signing on the dotted line.The book also covers gym etiquette (something you wish that sweaty man next to you who never wipes down the bench would read), proper clothing, and more.Next comes the meat of the book. In great detail Marans describes how to work each part of your body. For your triceps for example Maran describes the bench dip, tricep kickback, triceps pushdown, barbell triceps press, dumbbell overhead extension, lying barbell extension and triceps extension machine. For each exercise you will learn what it does for your body, what muscles it works, and the do's and don'ts of performing it. Each excerise also includes lots of full color photographs.Tons of exercises are covered for upper and lower body - from chest to back to buttocks to calves. There is also a section on using an exercise ball and using tubing.I know a girl (ok it was me) who did ab work for several months with no results because she was doing the exercises wrong..too bad I didn't have this book then.The book also includes information on how to design a weight routine, stretching (crucial for best results and to prevent injury), cardiovascular training and nutrition.The softcover, oversized 300+ page book is beautifully laid out and designed. Full color photographs and easy to read text.Super book for those starting out, on their way or the seasoned pro seeking that extra information. Maran scores a winner with this book!Lee Mellott
31/31
5.0
1118361600
1843580497
Cindy Jackson has been described as the woman who is trying to make herself look like a Barbie doll. But if you read her book she is not trying to look like Barbie, she is trying to look her absolute best using information she found as an art student that gives the proportions for a perfect face.Cindy was born to a mother and father who focused more on their interests than on Cindy's. It wasn't that she was not loved. It was that her parents did not know how to parent well. At 6 Cindy's dad handed over the wheel to an airplane while they were in the sky and told her to fly the plane. This was his idea of helping Cindy learn to be capable and competent.Cindy wanted to enjoy the fussiness of being a girly girl by dressing pretty, playing with dolls and making herself look cute. But her parents wouldn't spend much money on Cindy. As a result she wore hand me downs, had few toys and never felt pretty.One day she found a Barbie doll at a local discount store. After several days of tears her father broke down and bought it for her. This doll triggered deep emotions in Cindy who imagined what the life of the doll would be like if she were real.As Cindy grew older, she felt she did not get things she should because she felt she was not attractive. And she embarked on a series of operations to perfect her face.The first operation corrected the bags under her eyes. I personally thought Cindy looked great after this procedure and needed no further refinement. Cindy however, is on a mission to be as perfect as possible. This book describes her childhood and each of the surgeries she has had to look like her vision of the ideal woman.Surgeries include having her skin lifted and completely redraped on her face in order to smooth wrinkles, permanent makeup, lip surgery, cheek implants, her chin cut down and more.Cindy does look lovely in the after pictures however, I read once that you can tell if someone has had their lips injected because the upper lip is larger than the lower and this is not normal. Cindy does have a much fuller upper lip. She is probably in search of that fuller lower lip now.The book gives a few insights as to what to look for in a plastic surgeon. Mainly though its focus is on Cindy and why she chose to do what she did. A number of graphic photographs of Cindy in the stages of some of her operations are included. Living Doll is an interesting look at total physical transformation.
11/14
4.0
1060905600
B000Q08FBK
Carmelized scallops on a bed of asparagus with plum tomatoes. Rice with artichoke sauce. A sliver of bread. Followed by a small scoop of lite chocolate ice cream with 2 plump strawberries dipped in chocolate.All washed down with a fine burgandy wine.Just a typical meal on &quot;Dr. Shapiro's Weight Loss 30 Day Plan.&quot; The 30 day plan walks you day by day into a slimmer, healthier you. Part 1 focuses on how everyone from children to the elderly can benefit from &quot;Picture Perfect&quot; eating. Part II includes 4 weeks of developing a healthier lifestyle. Chapters include; Lets Go Shopping, Focus on Breakfast, A New View of Lunch and Snacks, Whats for Dinner, Lets Eat Out and Celebrate. Part III of the book includes information to make the eating plan a lifelong habit.I discovered Dr. Shapiro's first book, &quot;Picture Perfect Weight Loss&quot; some years ago. In his first book and this one, he gives side by side visual pictures of food choices.I thought the book was interesting, but couldn't see how it would really help you lose weight. After all there are many more food choices then the ones shown in his book.BUT after trying a number of weight loss plans and ending up well with more extra pounds than ever I decided to actually try the program.To my amazement it works. The pounds are sliding off with ease and I LOVE eating this way. It is definately a program I can follow for my life. The core of the program is FAT (food awareness training). You don't have to worry about counting fats, sugar, carbs, proteins, or calories. But you have to be aware of the calories in the foods you eat.In the book, Dr. Shapiro shows picture comparisons of foods. For example he says you can have 1 soft pretzel at 480 calories OR you could have 4 boxes of Cracker Jacks for the same amount. You could eat 1 pint of premium ice cream OR 4 pints of sorbet, or 42 low cal. mousse bars. Dr. Shapiro does not expect you to eat 42 low cal bars of course. What he is saying is if you make the lower calorie choice you will not need as much to fill up and hence you will lose weight.Well most of us know that eating fewer calories equals weight loss. BUT the caloric values of foods sink in better when you see pictures that give you a choice of food items such as one slice of zucchini bread at 580 calories versus eating 1 box strawberries, 1 honeydew melon, 1 nectarine, 3 apricots, 3/4lb grapes, 1 box blackberries, 1 roll (also 580 calories for all).What you do is apply this knowledge. You don't have to count calories as I mentioned earlier. But by becoming aware of the calories in food items (by reading labels, etc) and frequently making the lower caloric choices in your every day life, you will lose weight. The visual pictures in the book will help hammer calorie differences home.When I saw that I could eat 1 pint of rice for 440 calories or eat 8 boiled new potatoes, 1 baked sweet potato and 1 ear of corn. It was a no brainer. Now as I go throughout my day I think of my choices and choose the lower calorie food.If I want junk food I eat a tootsie pop at 60 calories which lasts a lot longer than gummy candy at 100 calories per oz.If I want a sweet desert I don't think I will be good by grabbing the tiny piece of lemon tart (450 calories) but know that I can either have the large piece of chocolate cake I really want for the same 450 calories or elect to have a lower calorie choice like a frozen mousse pop (40 calories) or chocolate dipped strawberries (about 10 calories each).I find I can eat more of less caloric food, enjoy my choices and lose weight.The plan works well for me. By making small changes the weight is coming off. The one drawback I see though for many folks is that Dr. Shapiro suggests eating veggie protein items instead of real steak, pork, burger etc.Since I don't eat red meat anyway, for me its not a problem. Many of his clients also have no trouble making the switch.But I imagine that others who have strong hankerings for meat would have difficultly. But the beauty of the program is you don't have to give up any food. You just should be aware of the choices you are making and make wise ones that will allow you to meet your goals. If you want a high calorie chunk of meat, by all means eat it, just make lower calorie choices throughout the day.I love this method of weight loss. No more deprivation,or counting. Just becoming aware and making wise choices!
49/50
5.0
1027728000
1401901484
When Loretta Laroche was a little girl her mom bought her sturdy but ugly underwear. She owned one pair of pretty panties but she was only allowed to wear them on special occasions. Thus they were only worn twice. Since that time Loretta has been scrambling to enjoy the good life NOW not save the good life for LATER.And this book is all about enjoying your life in the present moment. Loretta cautions you to not save your fine china for a rainy day use it now. Don't put off what you want to do, do it now.Enjoy what gives you pleasure and make the most of your time here on earth. The book is written in an easy to read style. Quick and light. Each chapter sharing another nugget of Loretta's joy of life.The one thing I did not like about the book was Loretta's continual references to her weight problem. This was mentioned several times throughout the book. It seems that if Loretta followed her own advice of moderation in everything, and if she set it as a goal she really wanted to achieve she should be able to solve her weight issue. Loretta - practise what you preach!Aside from that the author shares a lot of lively insights that make you realize how much pleasure you will have if you focus and enjoy the present instead of thinking about the future.
13/16
4.0
1060300800
B0002DG2HK
I love this book! It is not your usual &quot;diet&quot; tome. For most folks, trying to eat healthy can be tough. Cravings are hard to overcome. In this book Julia Ross describes how to use supplements to help control your cravings. As you read through the book, you identify your problems ie blood sugar imbalances, sluggish thyroid etc. and then follow the supplementation she suggests to rectify the problem. There is alot of information here that I have not found anywhere else. However it is not an easy read. It takes a lot of time and effort to plan your program, especially since she &quot;jumps&quot; around alot in the text. I also feel she could have been more specific about a few issues regarding the amino acids. For example if you have more than one problem is it safe to combine all the amino acids listed and at what doseage? The back section with information on what to eat for health could have been beefed up more also. Still I gave this book 5 stars because the information in it has been so useful!!
44/46
5.0
936489600
044991058X
Recently I ran into an acquaintance. When I asked how she was doing, she immediately began complaining about her body, her thighs, how fat she felt. I looked at her. She was probably around 5'6&quot; and weighed about 120 dripping wet. She looked terrific, but felt miserable. So many of us bodybash. This book will help you free yourself from bodybashing. You can learn that no matter what your weight or how you look you can feel wonderful. Why focus on your negatives when you have so many positives. This book can empower you to go beyond obsession with food and weight and negative thinking to a place where you can appreciate and love yourself regardless of size. And many folks will find these tools help them become their natural size. This is an excellent book as is &quot;Overcoming Overeating&quot; by Hirschmann and Munter.
33/33
5.0
972345600
B0006U0WJS
My feet get really cold especially in the winter, so my husband gave me a pair of Thera-Sox as a stocking stuffer. The premise is a good one. A pair of thick socks with an opening to pop a gel insole. You warm the gel in the microwave, pop it in the sock and voila nice and toasty tootsies!Unfortunately, it didn't quite work that way for me. The socks are a thicker cotton. Thicker than most cotton socks but not as warming as wool. So when you put them on with the gel inserts, the BOTTOM of your feet should feel warm as that is where the insert goes but the tops of your feet are only as warm as the sock itself which is not that warm.The next drawback is that the gel inserts do not warm easily. The instructions say to put them in the microwave for 30 seconds max at a time on low. You are limited to 30 seconds at at time. I am not sure why that is, but followed the instructions and had to repeatedly heat the insoles to get them to warm up to where I thought they were warm enough to heat my feet. So the claim 30 seconds to toasty toes is incorrect. I also had to use high on the microwave instead of low as the directions indicated.Next I carefully put the gel insert in the sock and put them on. They pulled on easily and fit my feet well. I wear a size 7 anyone with a foot larger than an 8 would be hard pressed to make these fit. However, despite my care in pulling them on a hole developed in the side of the sock during the first wear. They are not very sturdy.The warm sensation on the bottom of my foot lasted for a very short time.All in all a great concept but fails in the delivery.
7/7
2.0
1135728000
1932751076
I have purchased Amy Knapp's organizer for the past several years and find it an inexpensive tool that helps keep me on track.The spiral bound book starts with the August 2005 and runs through December 2006. Includes a weekly day by day calender and a month at a glance calender. Also includes a handy tear off sheet to list groceries with menus on the opposite site.The back of the book has spaces to list names and addresses, stickers for birthday and other reminders and a place to write information for the babysitter.I use the book to notate my workouts and calories also jot down "to do's" in the space given (which is next to each week).The one draw back is the lack of date tabs to quickly flip to the month. I picked up a set of tabs at an office supply store and transfer them from one year to the next.Overall great calender. Super for keeping me organized!
4/4
5.0
1126137600
B0007DS41C
Olga Lengyel has written the most graphic, horrifying look at the holocaust I have read.Olga was an uppermiddle class wife with a degree in the medical sciences. She was married to a doctor who was arrested by the Germans. She felt it was best to stay with her husband and was lulled by the Germans into thinking that she would be fine if she accompanied him. So she, her parents and children followed her husband only to discover that they were not to join him but were sent to a concentration camp.At the camp an unwitting Olga made the mistake of telling the Germans her son was under 12. Though he was large and could pass for over 12, Olga thought he would be treated in a lenient manner due to his age. Little did she know older and young people were almost immediately put to death. If the loss of her parents, her children and not knowing what had happened to her husband were not enough Olga had to endure the mental and physical trials of the camp.Those who were not put to death were put to work in the most menial tasks under the most horrible conditions.Olga leaves nothing to the imagination. Here you will find the most graphic details of mans inhumanity to man. Naked roll calls while shivering for hours exposed to the elements, being examined everywhere when entering the camp, having all body hair clipped off, using the same bucket to eliminate in and eat from, the sex at the camp, the cruelness of the officers and of fellow campmates who were trying to save themselves, the things some women would do for a crust of bread, the smell of the camp, the beatings....Olga spares no detail.It is not for the weak of stomach. You will feel the despair and wonder how man could ever be so cruel and pray that this never ever happens again.
84/86
5.0
1119398400
B00022EEEY
Don't be fooled by the name. This video is appropriate for all ages! Leslie Sansone leads a group of exercisers in a 2 mile walk with an upbeat tempo. Moves are easy to follow. The pace is brisk and she varies the steps enough to prevent boredom. There is no jumping around, just simple steps paced to get your heartrate up. I do miss having the &quot;distance meter&quot; at the bottom of the screen that Leslie uses in some of her other tapes but she does tell you when you have done a mile. She is fun and encouraging as ususal. This is a nice walking tape!
19/19
4.0
984268800
6304401744
This is a no frills, no fuss workout. The setting is a lovely ocean view with two exercisers and the instructor Jaime Brenkus. Jaime Brenkus has a friendly, approach with just the right touch of enthusiasm. He leads you through 8 minutes of exercises designed to work different parts of your abdominal muscles. Each set of movements like oblique twists and reverse curls are 45 seconds long. A small bell rings when each set is done. Brenkus then takes you into the next set. A timer at the bottom of the screen tracks your progress till you have completed the full 8 minutes. There is no warm up or cool down. Just 8 minutes of straight abdominals. I really love the tape. It's handy to tack on to the end of another workout when you are already warmed up or warm up yourself and use alone. It's hard to find an ab tape that is short and efficient, where you don't have to fast forward through a lot of tape you don't need. I also like the one on one style Jaime demonstrates. The timer is motivating too. The one drawback is that Jaime does not explain to the viewer correct abdominal postioning to get maximum benefits from ab work. This makes a big difference in results. But if you already know this information and want a quick workout I highly recommend it!
7/9
4.0
980640000
6304401744
This tape is exactly the same as the 8 Minute Abs tape but 8 Minute Arms has been included as a bonus. Both 8 minute abs and 8 minute arms are no frills, no fuss workout. The setting is a lovely river view with two exercisers and the lead instructor Jaime Brenkus. Jaime Brenkus has a friendly, approach with just the right touch of enthusiasm. On the abs section of the tape, he leads you through 8 minutes of exercises designed to work different parts of your abdominal muscles. Each set of movements like oblique twists and reverse curls are 45 seconds long. A small bell rings when each set is done. Brenkus then takes you into the next set. A timer at the bottom of the screen tracks your progress till you have completed the full 8 minutes. There is no warm up or cool down. Just 8 minutes of straight abdominals. I really love the ab section. It's handy to tack on to the end of another workout when you are already warmed up or warm up yourself and use alone. It's hard to find an ab tape that is short and efficient, where you don't have to fast forward through a lot of tape you don't need. I also like the one on one style Jaime demonstrates. The timer is motivating too. The one drawback is that Jaime does not explain to the viewer correct abdominal postioning to get maximum benefits from ab work. This makes a big difference in results. But if you already know this information and want a quick workout I highly recommend it! In the bonus 8 minute arms section, Jaime does a number of different exercises to work the arms in different ways using light weights. Again a timer at the bottom keeps track of the 8 minutes. The drawback to this section is there is not enough time to switch from lighter to heavier weights for a more effective workout. The change from one exercise to another is rapid so you really have to stay with the same weights the whole time and this may not challenge the areas that could use a heavier weight. However, as an occasionally boost to your fitness program or as a mini toning section its quite nice. The ab workout alone is worth the price of the tape!
65/67
5.0
981676800
B000FMHX2Q
There are 24 reviews of &quot;The Calcium Key&quot; diet as I write this review. Sadly not one of them tells you about the diet, because if it did I would not have purchased the book.&quot;The Calcium Key&quot; is a well researched (though the studies were sponsored by the dairy industry), well written book on how calcium when added to your diet can help you lose weight.The authors obviously spent a lot of time writing the text which is very easy to understand and clarifys the calcium-weight loss connection.Putting aside any self serving interests that perhaps the author benefited from the support of the dairy industry and the results were skewed, I decided to trust in the authors expertise and focus on the plan.Sadly the plan is a labor intensive one that very few people will be willing and able to follow long term. It involves as the author puts it, writing down every thing you eat and using an exchange system.The author lists calorie levels and how many exchanges you can eat for your level (similar to the old Weight Watcher progam).For example if you are on 1200 calories (and the author teaches you how to determine your caloric level) you get 3 breads, 2 meats, 3 veggies, 3 fruits, 3 dairy and 3 fats.3 graham cracker squares would equal 1 bread group. 1 cup milk would be a dairy. Sounds simple enough...but then you get into mixed foods like a butterfinger candy bar and you have 1 bread group, 2 fruit (dont ask) and 2 fats.In order to keep it all straight you must keep a diary and write it all down.Now that said, I think the author is on to something when he suggests adding dairy to your diet. The combination of protein and fat is much more satiating than say a slice of cake or a cookie.But very few people want to micromanage their diets the way this book proposes.So though it introduces the calcium weight loss connection, the actual diet is not one that many will succeed with. Just try adding calcium rich foods to your diet 3 times per day and don't increase calories.
41/47
3.0
1078185600
0425184722
You can almost taste the buttery brie and smell the crisp baguettes baking in chef James Hallers book, &quot;Vie de France&quot;.Haller and a group of friends rented a lovely home in Savonnieres a small town in the Loire Valley for a month. The beauty of the area, availability of fine fresh food and warmth of good companions inspired Haller to share the time he spent in the region.In &quot;Vie De France&quot;, Haller describes how he and his friends enjoyed their days, looking for antiques, exploring the marketplace and soaking up the atmosphere.Haller is an award winning chef and author of several cookbooks. He loves to eat, cook and shop for food. He relishes food and this radiates throughout the book. In each chapter, he shares mouthwatering morsels of the food he feasted on. He describes dishes he made using fresh, local ingredients and dishes he enjoyed at casual cafes and fancy restaurants.Haller walks you through the marketplace where he selects from four aisles of cheeses. You will pick from the freshest vegetables displayed like jewels. The butcher cuts your meat to order as you wait. In the patisserie the variety of breads, candies and pastries delight the eye. It's hard to decide between a &quot;crusty round pain de compagnes&quot; or a hearty wheat bread.Back in the kitchen, Haller prepares tasty dishes using natural, healthy ingredients like creamy French butter, olive oil, herbes de Provence and garlic. The delicious recipes he makes are interspersed throughout the book. Recipes included range from the simple - french toast baguette with an apricot sauce to the more complex - turkey cutlets stuffed with a mushroom pilaf in a white wine and sorrel cream sauce. Other recipes included range from the common - grilled meat and a nice green salad to the more unusual - baked snails in butter, lemon and parsley.The dining experience usually includes a fine red wine and a dessert. Desserts range from light to rich. A decadent creme caramel ends a simple soup and salad meal. Chocolate with hazelnuts tops a meal of sausage and red wine ragout. An apricot lavender tart completes a roast chicken stuffed with cassoulet. A table of menus at the beginning of the book makes finding the recipes easy.In &quot;Vie De France&quot; Haller will create his moroccan olive salad or fresh tomatoes in basil dressing for your enjoyment. You will tour the countryside perhaps stopping for a glass of red wine at the local cafe. You may stop at the antique shop and find a special piece of pottery or pay a visit to the patisserie and pick up a fresh baked apple tart. You will savor the fresh food, beautiful views and good friends.Lee Mellott
7/10
5.0
1067558400
B0004I1W3C
Dance Dance Revolution Extreme is the newest DDR Playstation game from Konami. And it does not disappoint.DDR is a game you play by moving your feet on a controller dance pad and following directional arrows to different songs on your TV screen. You can select different levels from beginner on up according to your abiility.One of the reasons DDR is so much fun is the variety of options it offers. For example, the background graphics change. You may be dancing with a Captain Jack video with one song or animated visuals with another. You can opt to dance with different characters or dance alone. You can compete with another player, play with one pad or two, choose your songs or have them chosen for you etc. So many options you will never get bored!Another key element of DDR fun are the unlockables. DDR Extreme starts you off with 44 songs. There are 11 new Konami original songs like "Firefly" and "Jet World" , 5 songs from Karoke Revolution including "Believe", and ""Ladies Night", 11 Konami originals from previous games including "Higher", "So In Love" and "Wild Rush" and 17 licensed songs with "Diving", "Planet Rock" and "Never Ending Story" among them. As you pass certain levels and complete a certain number of songs you UNLOCK new songs. Unlockable songs include "Tsugaru", "Drop the Bomb" "Funk Boogie" and many more.With DDR Extreme you also "unlock" characters to dance with. You start with two named Blues and Rhythm and eventually unlock others including Baby-lon, Spike, Janet and more. There are also different game modes including endless, oni, nonstop and mission.DDR Extreme also features a workout mode. You can input your weight and workout goal. You may want to workout for a certain length of time or to burn a certain number of calories. Choose your level of ability and get moving! DDR Extreme will show you approximately how many calories you burned and compare your current session to previous sessions.One new feature of DDR Extreme is the party mode. These are mini-games. You will need an eyetoy camera (not included with the DDR Extreme game). With the camera your image is projected on the TV and you respond to the activity shown on the screen. You might be wiping bubbles off the screen that hide the game arrrows or feeding animals. Other mini-games include "Coconut Panic" where you shake the trees and catch coconuts, "Magical Ball" bounce the ball on the screen with your hands and more. About 7 of these cute games.I purchased my Playstation 2 just to play DDR. I thought it would be super exercise and keep my interest and it certainly does. I wear a mini-pedometer and rack up thousands of steps daily moving to the music! It's so much fun you forget you are exercising. Great for coordination too. I highly recommend DDR Extreme and the other DDR games for all ages!Lee Mellott
128/131
5.0
1096070400
0609609777
Somercize Desserts is a slim volume of 30 desserts accompanied by sumptious photographs! These are not diet desserts. They are made with full fat cream cheese, heavy cream, egg yolks, and chocolate. However, if the desserts are eaten according to the Sommercize rules of food combining you can enjoy them and lose weight! If they are eaten whenever, you could gain weight.The rules of combining are explained in Suzannes other books, Eat Great Lose Weight, Eat Cheat and Lose and Get Skinny on Fabulous Food. The rules are not explained in the Somercize Desserts book. She does however indicate, to those familiar with Somercizing which desserts are Level One and which are Level Two.The book includes both new treats and desserts previously published in her other books. Most of the recipes include a sugar substitute Suzanne has developed called SommerSweet. She also gives substitutions using real sugar or saccharin. The SommerSweet product is available from her website and is quite pricey. Two small cans with shipping runs $24 plus.One of the recipes in her book is for Truffles. She also sells the Truffles at her website for around $20 plus shipping. I purchased the Truffles from her site and enjoyed them. My husband who appreciates very fine chocolate found them to have an aftertaste. No one felt they were as good as a real truffle with sugar. But you can't have it all I guess. I decided to make the truffles with her book and found the recipe easy to follow but the end result was not as tasty as the ones she sells.Aside from the Sommersweet, other recipes call for ingredients including whole vanilla bean, wonton skins, phyllo dough, and whole wheat PASTRY flour. These items are not always easy to find. In addition one recipe calls for a springform pan and several call for an ice cream maker.By the time I purchased her book, the springform pan and the ingredients to make the chocolate layer cake, I figure I had about $75 invested!Other recipes in the book include, peach sorbet (ice cream maker needed) orange souffle, decaf coffee granita, creme brulee, steamed chocolate pudding, and asian napoleons.The directions are easy to follow and the ingredients are clearly listed along with the serving size. Fats, fiber, calories, and carbohydrate information is not included. Book lies flat for cooking ease.The book is lovely with the tempting color photographs and the recipes I have tried all turned out well. BUT considering the hard to find ingredients and the fact that the book contains only 30 recipes, its one pricey piece of cake!
49/49
3.0
1008720000
0891097058
I picked up this book at the beginning of the year after reading rave reviews in hopes but not truly expecting it to help my mindset. Each year I set goals and though I may accomplish one or two..generally the next year I am setting the same goals.By the time I had completed the first half of the book my way of thinking had changed. I completed the exercises as I read the book.You begin by listing your goals. Then you decide which is more important and finally which is MOST important. It seems so simple yet the way the author teaches you to do this gave me greater success than other methods.I was really surprised to find what my most desired goal was. I thought it was something else. But by following the exercises I realized a I had a strong desire to accomplish another goal I never realized was the most important to me. Next you work towards accomplishing your goal.McCarthy uses the image of a light switch. If you are switched on you are working towards your goals. Conversely if you are not you are not ON PURPOSE.Within days I was accomplishing tasks to help me achieve many of my goals! An excellent book and most highly recommended!
12/13
5.0
1104969600
0767904540
Captivated by Peter Mayles descriptive works on Provence, I was eager for more. Susan Loomis's book did not disappoint. It is a wonderful read that captures the richness of her life in France.The book begins with Susan arriving in Paris with little money. She begins an apprenticeship at a cooking school. As the book progresses Susan shares her immersion into the French culture and cuisine.Eventually she marries,and she and her husband purchase a rundown house in Normandy with charming potential. Step by step you walk with Susan as she recounts her experiences making the home a haven for her family.You experience Susan's delight in her friends and the joy she has relishing the French cuisine. The love and pride Susan has for her husband and small son emanates from the pages. When she gave birth to her second child, I was touched by the outpouring of love from her freinds and felt tears of joy for her!Throughout the book the pleasures of life in Normandy captivate. And Susan intersperses the text with special recipes such as Braised Chicken in White Wine and Mustard, Tarte Tatin, and Swiss Chard Frittata.On Rue Tatin is a wonderful book to curl up with!
13/14
5.0
1003622400
1580000886
I was so excited when I discovered Lean for Life. I was sure I had found the answer. I quickly lost weight and found my cravings were under control. I wrote a glowing review recommending the book at this site.But sadly, my happiness was short lived. Within 6 weeks, I found I really craved carbs. (Lean for Life is high protein). The strictness of the program was no longer freeing. My cravings were back full force and I couldn't stand to be on the program any longer.The guilt. Here I had strongly recommended the book. Then I read &quot;The Fat of the Land.&quot; In the book the author states that folks are so hyped up about quick weight loss with high protein diets that they share this with others. BUT Fumato goes on to say that the weight loss is almost always temporary. But by that time folks have recommended the diet to many others.For this I apologize. It took several weeks for my system to get back to normal. I regained all that I lost and then some.I have several Lean For Life email buddies and I am sorry to say that THEY ALL REGAINED THEIR WEIGHT. They have all switched to other programs.Perhaps Lean for Life works for some. But please be aware its a high protein diet and one you will have to stay on for life.Can you do it? Perhaps you are better off making small lifestyle changes that add up to big results. Think hard before you go on this plan and disregard my earlier glowing review.Its hard to reveal that I failed with this plan I was so enthusiastic about, but I hope my sharing this will help someone else.
111/135
1.0
1027555200
0517098539
Diana is 40 some pounds overweight and lives with an unappreciative husband in the suburbs who dumps her for his dental assistant because frankly she is just not exciting enough. Much to his chagrin, the dental assistant with her breast implants, bleached teeth and hair and desire to buy, buy, buy is not the most desirable either.Diana goes to the doctor and he prescribes a low fat diet. Forget calories or carbs, just eat low fat and you will lose weight. (The book was written during the low fat craze). Diana follows her doctor's suggestions and loses her weight revealing a drop dead gorgeous body. She highlights her hair, buys new clothes and voila from dumpy and frumpy to lovely and sophisticated.In the process she writes a best selling diet book, saves the three amigos candy bar from raising their fat content and finds a new true love.Naturaly the former hubby wants her back when he sees how ravishing she has become. The book is a fun read from start to finsih. And the ending is great though the private jet she purchases with earnings from her weight loss empire may be pushing the envelope a bit.A fun read..just don't take it too seriously. Low fat or not calories count!
3/3
4.0
1123286400
034545409X
Michele A. Hernadez the author of "Acing the College Application" is an expert in the field of admissions. With a doctorate in education and her own college consulting business she boasts that she has close to 100% success rate at getting her clients admitted to top colleges.Sadly most of us can't afford a top notch counselor like Dr. Hernadez and often find ourselves floundering in piles of college applications overwhelmed by the daunting task of filling them out.Fortunately, Dr. Hernadez has written "Aciing the College Application" to help you present yourself in the best light possible. Learn how to highlight skills, talents and passions in just a few pages.And the book offers excellent information. It includes an indepth look at the common application. The truth about essays. How to ask guidance counselors and teachers for recommendations.Which academic subjects, activities and work experience to mention and more.Sadly the more college preparation books I read the more disagreements I have found. For example,one issue she discusses is if you should type or handwrite the application. She suggests handwriting as it looks more like the student themselves completed it. Another book I read said that you should type it because studies have shown that papers that were typed were given better grades than handwritten papers. Thus good typing could make the difference between being admitted and being rejected.She also suggests using blue ink. I was surprised by this as I have always been told black ink was the most professional. On a whim, I called an admissions office and asked (feeling rather anal) which color ink they would like the application written in. The woman who answered said definately black as it was the most professional.The book also lacks an index. Thus looking for particular information can be time consuming.Overall its a helpful book and a little fine tuning could make it one of the best.
55/59
4.0
1063670400
B0009A0GX2
I do feel great sorrow for Pipin. In this book he shares his passion for diving, love for the diving partner he created in his wife Audrey and the story of their life together.At the same time he seemed to try to justify the series of mistakes that led to his wife's death during a dive. There was the encouragement to go deeper and deeper, the lack of proper medical equipment on board, not checking the gear on board in a reliable fashion, not having enough divers posted etc.I felt like shaking Pipin who was responsible for the dive, when he says he regrets that things weren't done differently but thats the way it was always done. Take responsibility.I have no doubt that he is truly sorrowful, but his poor decision making skills were shocking.The book helps you understand the passion of the sport but it leaves a very bad feeling when you realize the accident did not have to occur.
7/12
3.0
1094774400
0762411996
...get the highlights of the bestselling "Dr. Shapiro's Picture Perfect Weight Loss" book in two mini books, Picture Perfect Weight Loss and Picture Perfect Desserts and Snacks.Each little book recaps the main thoughts of Dr. Shapiro's visual program for permanent weight loss. It also includes tons of little pictures that show how to make wise use of your calories!For example, in one picture Dr. Shapiro shows a plate of french fries (360 calories) in the next what you could have instead 4 ears of corn (also 360 calories). Which is most likely to fill you up? Or you could have 1 chicken nugget at 80 calories or 1and 1/2 cups veggie lentil soup for 80 calories!Now granted the larger books give more examples, and more information. But the mini books are great to pop in your purse or pocket and pull out at a restaurant as a reminder of what your choices are. They are super to have on your nightstand to briefly remind yourself of the highlights of the program.They are perfect to take on vacation to keep you on track.Necessary no they are not. But an inexpensive luxury to help you stay the course and get healthy and lose weight...YES!Tiny but terrific!
15/15
5.0
1029283200
B00005KIRS
After checking out all the egg cookers on Amazon, I ordered this nifty little cooker a few weeks ago to replace a different brand that had broken. I am so glad I selected the Krups!I don't want something that looks like an egg or a chicken as other cookers do, nor did I want to spend a fortune. But I did want perfectly turned out eggs and the Krups does that plus more.The cooker will make 7 hard or soft cooked eggs and includes two small holders to make soft or medium poached eggs. It comes with a cylinder that is marked with lines. You fill the cylinder with water according to how you want your eggs done and put the water in the base of the cooker. Place the eggs in the plastic egg container,top with the lid, turn it on and go relax while your eggs are cooking.At under 8" by 7" the compact cooker doesn't take up much shelf space and is attractively designed. One of the features I like the most is the handle on the side of the cooker. When the timer goes off, you can pick up the handle and transport your eggs to the faucet and run cool water over them, without burning your hands. My last cooker did not have this feature and hot eggs are not fun to touch! The poached egg cups also get very warm. I use a dishcloth to lift them and slide them out with a spatula. It would be nice if they added a hook or lip to the cups to make it easier.The cooker also has a keep warm feature. If you are not quite ready for your eggs flip the switch to keep warm and they will stay nice and yummy for your eating pleasure.One suggestion I have for best results is to let your eggs sit out for a few minutes prior to cooking. If you cook them directly from the fridge they may not cook as well.Every time I have made eggs with my Krups which is often they have been very tasty. I highly recommend the cooker and at under $20 it's a bargain.
64/65
5.0
1102032000
B00006B5X8
Stick Figure is an extraordinary book written in an unusual manner. The author Lori Gottlieb recounts her experiences as an adolescent who developed eating disorders. She shares her story as if she were still that eleven year old child. Her ability to recapture her thoughts and actions is riveting. Lori has truly bared her soul in this book.And Lori in the book can really get under your skin. She was impudent with adults, illogical in her thinking and very self absorbed. I felt at points like shaking some sense into her! At other times I wanted to give her a hug and protect her from herself! But only Lori could do that.As you read the book you recognize how obsessed our culture has become with women's bodies. Society had drilled into Lori that thin is good and fat is bad. She absorbed this and a &quot;Stick Figure&quot; became her ideal body shape.Many females will find their own thinking mirrored in many of Lori's thoughts. How often do we fault our bodies because they do not fit what we think is the ideal shape.Lori's book helps us to realize how important it is to appreciate all that is good about our body and not focus on supposed flaws.This is an important book for both young and older women to read.
6/10
5.0
1004918400
0767920686
To a beginner in the weight loss game, "The Portion Teller" is a good look at the supersizing of America. Why we have gained weight and what we can do to take it off.However, for anyone who has attempted to take weight off in the past, the book offers nothing new. The author says she looked to see "if there was a connection between the trend toward supersized food portions and weight gain. To my surprise there was no research. Nobody seem to have done any...In fact very few people even noticed that our food portions were growing so quickly." I am not sure where Ms. Young looked but information on growing portions sizes has been around for years. In fact she shares a number of references that have published information on portion sizes in the back of her book.She presents her information as if it was new material, but much of what she shares is old news. Carrie Liatt Wiatt authored excellent books on portion sizes and weight control such as Portion Savvy in the late 90's.Ms.Young shares a method where you don't have to count calories but instead can use the eyeball method ie 1 portion of rice looks like 1/2 a baseball. Eyeballing portions has been practised for years by Weight Watchers members - nothing new here.Ms. Young suggest you follow simple steps to a slimmer you. These include writing down everything you eat, recording your portions, placing them in the right food group, breaking it into standard serving sizes, tallying up the food servings,crossing it off your diary and including water. Sounds like a lot of work. Richard Simmons must have thought so because many years ago he suggested the same thing only he simplified the process by selling cardboard cutouts where you could slide the window over a picture of the food group you had eaten - made it even easier.Ms. Young does give very detailed descriptions of portion sizes but unlike other books that show color photographs of portion sizes like "Portion Savvy" or take it a bit further and show how you can eat more of this than that like Shapiro's "Picture Perfect Weight Loss" Ms. Young's book has just a few black and white illustrations. A big mistake in a book demonstrating portion sizes.Yes folks are supersizing their food, but I think most people have been made clearly aware of this. Pointing it out and telling people to count their portions daily is not new. Weight Watchers employed this method years ago before they switched to the point system.Naturally you can lose weight watching your portions and making them smaller, as you are cutting calories. However, this information is not new and has been presented better in other books.BTW It is interesting to note that almost all of the 5 star reviews on this book were written by people who have not reviewed any other book.
66/103
2.0
1134086400
1590560868
I love the title of Greger's book "Carbophobia: The Scary Truth About America's Low-carb Craze". However the book should have been titled "Carbophobia: The Scary Truth About Atkins" because in the book Greger's almost sole focus is on the problems with the Atkins diet. He mentions a few others very, very briefly, but for the most part this is a book about how harmful and misleading the Atkins plan can be.The cover is cute and creative. A cartoon couple stand in their kitchen gazing in horror at a slice of bread!Greger is a good writer. Though tackling alot of science the book is easy to follow, holds ones interest, and covers alot of ground. Greger has been very thorough in his research.The one area I was disappointed in is that Greger points to the Ornish diet as a successful one. Though Ornish may be a healthy diet, it is not a pleasurable one as it is very plain. I think Greger could have done a better job of mentioning healthy alternatives.The 162page softcover book really cracks down on the Atkins plan. Greger walks you through the side effects, faulty science, studies, etc. step by step. The first chapter explains how the Atkins diet is nothing more than a "modern twist on an antique food fad" Chapter two gets into the flawed science behind Atkins. Chapter three questions the effectiveness of eating the Atkins way and chapter four gets into the side effects. He also includes an addendum disputing claims made by the Atkins corporation. The end of the book has an extensive bibliography.A book that surely has the Atkins corporation worried about their "phoney baloney!"
24/44
4.0
1113264000
1930448074
Each year Allan Borushek releases a new version of "The Doctor's Pocket Calorie, Fat & Carbohydrate Counter." By issuing a new version each year Borushek is able to include the newest foods on the market and at fast food chains and restaurants.Though there are a number of calorie counting books on the market, I like Borusheks because it is user friendly. It includes some little photos and sketches, and uses color to highlight different food items so its much easier to use than other counters. In addition Borushek includes hints to reduce fat, weight control tips, a diabetes guide and more. Lots of super useful information.The book lists over 11,000 food items and 200 fast food chains and restaurants. For each item it includes calories, carbohydrates and fat. At the back of the book Borushek discusses other nutrients though these are not included for each item in the book. He discusses fiber, salt, protein, calcium and more.At 4x6x1/2 the book is sized nicely to tuck into your bag or briefcase. And with its low price point you may want to purchase several copies. I keep one in my car so I know what I am consuming if I go to a restaurant.The only drawback to the book in my opinion is dietician and health educator Borushek's face in a little crown on the cover. A little cheesy. But despite that the book is a winner.Borushek also has a nice website where he sells a calorie counting program for your PDA, PC and/or joining an online community. He also offers his database of foods which is continually updated free at the site http://www.calorieking.com.A very handy little book to have!
31/32
5.0
1112745600
0966731506
In this oversized softcover book Robert Ziff M.D. explains the &quot;French Paradox&quot;. How the French eat rich fatty foods, drink wine, etc. yet manage to stay so slim. The book is divided into three sections. In the first section Ziff describes the basic ideas behind the French eating style. He gives the formula to determine your ideal weight the French way (this was a bit complicated). He also explains the 22 principles the French naturally follow to eat well and stay sleek. These include slowing down the eating process so your stomach has a chance to savor and realize its full, eating lots of fruits and vegetables and eating moderate portions. Many of these ideas we may have already read, yet Ziff explains them in such a way that makes an impression. Ziff describes the typical French breakfast, lunch and dinner. Section two covers basic kitchen equipment, pots, pans, knifes etc. Section three is the recipe section. He has included a variety of recipes so you can cook authentic gourmet meals at home, and lose weight. Sample recipes include: Roasted chicken with grapefruit and pink peppercorns, roast loin of pork with prunes and apples, stuffed cabbage leaves, home-style shrimp, a number of sauce recipes and many others! Though the list of recipes is extensive, it did not include any bread recipes. Since bread is a mainstay of the French diet, I would have liked to learn how to bake a loaf or what to look for in an authentic French style loaf. The tone of the book is very friendly and I feel Ziff does an excellent job of explaining how the French enjoy their cuisine and stay slender and how we can translate that to our lifestyle!
31/33
4.0
978480000
B0007CTWBY
How would you like to drink red wine, eat rich chocolate, suck down creme brulee and still wear size S or M?Wouldn't you love to have a thick porkchop smothered in mushrooms with creamy sauce? Or how about fried chicken wings with bleu cheese dip?But no you can't eat any of this because you are (pick one or two or more) counting calories, counting points, drinking weight loss shakes or whatever.Well guess what? You can eat rich fatty foods. (Fat is your best friend on this diet!) You can drink wine. You can eat chocolate, cheese, and other foods you may have given up in order to lose weight. You really CAN have your steak and eat it too!The secret is Somersizing. Somersizing is a method of eating foods in certain combinations so your insulin levels stay on an even keel and fat is not stored. When you eat this way, you can enjoy creamy sauces, steak, and cheese and not gain weight."Suzanne Somers Fast & Easy" is a book by Suzanne Somers that explains this weight loss method and how it works. This book like her previous books explains in detail how to "Somersize". And like her previous books it continues to refine and develop the program. I feel that many of Suzanne's original ideas were based on the work of French weight loss guru, "Montignac". There are so many similarities in his diet and hers. But many diets are based on others and Suzanne has greatly developed the plan.In this book Suzanne recaps the weight loss method and then gives information on how to make the program work faster and easier! To make the weight loss faster, Suzanne suggests eating fewer meals with carbohydrates. To make meal planning simpler, Suzanne includes a number of family friendly foods that are quick to prepare that everyone will enjoy. There are over 100 new Somersized recipes in the book."Suzanne Somers' Fast & Easy" also includes information on supplements to take to enhance health and weight loss. The book has an extended question and answer section.Her books are carefully written with a lot of detail. The photographs are lavish. She makes the "diet" a sensuous pleasure."Fast and Easy" begins with an introduction by Michael Galitzer MD praising Suzanne's work. He discusses why he thinks her plan is safe and effective.Next the book gets into Somersizing information. With Somersizing you don't have to worry about counting points or calories, you just combine correctly. Suzanne explains all the combinations. Exactly what you need to do to lose weight. She also tells you how to "cheat" once you have lost your weight.When I started on the program it was like manna from heaven.I never dreamed I could nibble on cheese, eat full fat dressings and suck down mousse and lose weight! But I did and so can you, if you follow the Somersize rules.Most of the weight loss information is a repeat from her other books with some surprising updates. She now says a potato a few times a week is ok for level 2 (the level after weight loss). She also covers in detail, healthy habits to develop as a family.The section on health supplements is written by Paul Schulick. Schulick is President of a company that will be making supplements for Suzanne. Some of the ingredients in her supplements like green tea and cola nut contain caffeine (a no no for Somersizing) so I am not sure how they will fit these in with the Somersize program.The next chapter deals with frequently asked questions. Most of the questions deal with the nitty gritty of Somersizing, if certain foods are allowed, differences between level one and level two etc.Suzanne has a lot of products she sells at her website and at a home shopping site.Suzanne's products include salad dressing mixes, a bread maker, jam, creme brulee (my favorite) chocolate truffles, pasta sauces and more! These are all available as a convenience to the avid Somersizer. And Suzanne refers to their availability frequently throughout her book.Another section in the book is the extensive recipe section. A lot of family favorites here. Mac and Cheese, Fish and Chips, Pinwheels, Chicken Nuggets and Taco Salad. More sophisticated fare is also included. Scallop Kabobs, Chilantro Lime Grilled Tuna and Raspberry Meringue Cake.She also includes recipes for her Somersize secret sauce, ketchup and tartar sauce. These are items she sells at her website. I have been buying the delicious secret and tartar sauce and now can make them for much less.The last section of her book includes a summary of the program for quick reference. An index is included so you can easily find information or a recipe.Though food combining is not the way most of us are used to eating, it appears that it can be very effective for weight loss. Members of the Somersize list I am on have lost hundreds of pounds! And it's obvious that the lowfat diets Americans are following today are not working as obesity rates are higher than ever. Once you get used to the Somersize method, it becomes second nature. Many people, like myself prefer to give up some starches in exchange for the rich, creamy delights we can now enjoy.The food combining is described in detail in her book, but a summary is below.1. Eliminate all Funky Foods.2. Eat Fruits alone.3. Eat Proteins/Fats with veggies.4. Eat Carbos with Veggies and no fats.5. Keep Proteins/Fats seperate from Carbos6. Wait three hours between meals if switching from a Pro/Fats to a Carbos meal or vice versa.7. Do not skip meals.The book is nicely bound, with lovely photographs and clear typesetting. I do think the cover could have been better. On the cover Suzanne is jumping in a black bathing suit. The back of the book includes a full index and a handy reference guide.The bottom line is if you want to decrease your "bottom line" and you are tired of low fat diets that leave you hungry and deprived, if you want to try a lifestyle plan that offers plenty of support in the form of books, her website and yahoogroups,if you want to eat rich, healthy foods till you are satisfied and feel fit..then you should check out Somersizing and Suzanne Somers' Fast & Easy!
171/179
5.0
1039305600
B00008DDJD
This is one of Leslie's best DVD's. A 4 mile walk that will get you going! The walk starts out fairly briskly right from the start and then builds to an even faster pace.Leslie is accompanied by a large group of exercisers, with an age range of 20 to 72 proving this is a great workout for any age. The exercisers wear simple black workout gear with white trim at the waist, all black for Leslie (lucky her as the white trim is very unflattering). The walk is in a studio with faux brickwork in the background and the words "Walk Away The Pounds Express" written on the brickwork.The walk is the basic simple to follow typical Leslie fare. Sidesteps, marches, leglifts etc. She also adds in some hands over head and other hand movements to pump up the pace. A meter at the bottom and Leslie let you know when you have completed each mile.The biggest drawback with the workout is that Goodtimes was too cheap to chapter the DVD. So you can't easily jump from mile 1 to mile 2, 3 or 4. For the price they are charging they could easily have chaptered it.Overall though the workout is quicker paced and longer than Leslie's other walks and a good one to get when you are ready to pump up the pace!
12/13
4.0
1110240000
0967948207
A brisk mile around the block toting a water bottle is a just the right walk for me so reading about someone who enjoys a 2160 mile hike lugging a 50 pound backback is mind boggling. While I enjoy my comforts, a cozy bed, sweet smelling clothes, tasty meals, moderate weather etc. Jeff Alt, doesn't mind roughing it with a sleeping bag, sweaty duds, freeze dried food and braving the elements.Reading Jeff's journey is awesome. I have the benefit of getting an idea of what it is like to walk the Appalachian Trail without actually having to do it. I mean something inside me wants to be adventuresome but the truth is I know I wouldn't make it past the first couple miles.To successfully walk the trail you have to really want it. There is a lot of planning involved. Selecting just the right gear, arranging for the right amount of food.....the list goes on. Once on the trail you encounter a variety of experiences that you have to be mentally prepared for from wild animals (and people) to bad weather to health issues.Jeff is pretty detailed about his experiences. He discusses the nitty gritty from smelly socks to foot blisters.Though Jeff had a mission for his journey (to raise funds for The Sunshine Home, where his brother is a resident) you can read through the lines and know that he loves the discipline and conditioning of the trail.The softcover 285 book is an entertaining read. I especially enjoyed the back section, Jeff's lessons from the trail. These were lessons he learned while walking. Lessons like the simplest things can serve the biggest rewards, go after your dreams now and more! He also includes a suggested reading list at the back of the book.Kudos to Jeff for the great read, what he accomplished and the beautiful, positive way he shares his story.Lee Mellott
9/9
5.0
1202083200
B000085G05
In the past I have quoffed more than my share of supplements. Tons of different pills with different claims from carb blocking to energy enhancing. After years of trying different things I came to the conclusion that very few of the over the counter "nutrients" I tried did what they claimed. Not only that but the more I read the more I realized I might be HURTING myself by taking megadoses of certain vitamins, or tiny doses of things like Kava.After careful consideration I decided that I would take ONE multivitamin a day and that was it. I asked the pharmacist to recommend a brand and he did. Unfortunately the brand he suggested and many others I found contain Iodine which breaks my skin out.One-A-Day makes vitamins that do not contain Iodine. After looking through the One-A-day selection I opted to go with the WeightSmart. The WeightSmart vitamin is a green unscored pill of about 1/2 inch long. I personally have no trouble swollowing it, but for those that do have difficulty it could easily be cut with a pill cutter.Let me make it clear that the WeightSmart vitamin DOES NOT make you lose weight. It contains ingredients that help support you as you lose weight. Ingredients that give you the nutritional support you may not get because you are eating less food. The WeightSmart also contains EGCG or green tea extract. Much has been claimed about the benefits of green tea. It contains ingredients that are said to be healthy. It is also claimed but UNPROVEN that green tea aids in weight loss. In addition in the studies done on weight loss the patients were given higher doses of EGCG each day than that which is in these vitamins.The company does not claim that WeightSmart will make you lose weight. This is a quote from their website: "One-A-Day WeightSmart is not a weight loss product. One-A-Day WeightSmart is a complete multivitamin specially formulated with 100% or more of key vitamins and minerals men and women need when watching their weight. Plus, it contains EGCG (Green Tea Extract), to enhance their metabolism as they work to control their weight. WeightSmart is a safe way to supplement consumers' weight control regimen and should be used as part of a healthy lifestyle that includes a balanced diet and exercise."I have been using this product for several years and can say that any weight I have lost I would attribute to the good old fashioned method of eating less and exercise - not vitamins. So if you need a good multi take a look at "One-A-Day WeightSmart" but if you are looking for that magic bullet to peel off pounds..keep on looking cus this ain't it!
11/12
4.0
1110758400
1589611713
Jill Ann has written a shocking, behind the scenes expose of what goes on upstairs at Hugh Hefner's "Mansion". Ms Spaulding had a dream of gracing the pages of Playboy as a playmate. So she did everything she could to prepare herself physically including breast implants, makeup lessons, liposuction etc. But she never made it on the pages because she was unwilling to have a sexual relationship with Hef.She did just about everything else though. She paid for pricey party tickets, sucked up to the staff, begged for access to Hef, jumped in bed with other playmates, got naked and feigned girl girl sex etc.Prior to her visit to the mansion, Spaulding thought that the girls on Hef's arms were for the most part pretty publicity. Once inside she realized that Hef expects sex from everyone of them. And if they want to grace his pages they best to what he says.The perks for the chosen girls who live in the mansion include free plush living quarters, 24 hour dining, a wardrobe allowance, a weekly allowance (yes Hef pays his gals for his pleasures), beauty services, cosmetic surgery etc. In exchange the gals must put up with one anothers cattiness as they jostle for favor with Hef. They must also engage in unprotected sex with Hef. Shocking that the man who is looked at as a forerunner in demonstrating that sexuality is beautiful is dumb enough to demand that no protection is used in his bedroom orgies. And no testing is done.The book is a very interesting read. I always thought if one wanted to be a Playmate they would send in a picture and Hef would select the best using his magnifying glass that he is often shown with. Who knew that bedroom romps figure into the equation also. I thought Hef was a bigger man than that and limited himself to several close girlfriends.Ms. Spaulding appears to be a very intelligent woman but she is not a writer. So though she conveys her thoughts the book can be choppy at times. In addition one does feel like shaking her when she continues to pine over not making it into the pages of the magazine. She even goes out and spends $750 on a diamond encrusted rabbit logo necklace like the official girlfriends wear long after she has been univited to return to any parties because she offered to pay $2,000 for a party invite which she says was for her boyfriends benefit..but we all know she just wants to put her face in front of Hef's again.Comeon Jill Ann, be glad you didn't sell out and have unprotected sex with Hef. Sell the necklace and get over the Playboy dream. You are better off without it.Meantime HEF..wakeup call...Use protection if you want to continue having fun with the Bunnies..though it sounds pretty darn shallow to me.The book also includes a resource section that includes where to send your picture and where to write to Hef, if you still want to be a playmate after reading.
34/35
4.0
1122076800
1931722595
There are tons of weight loss books on the market. Many of the authors have never struggled with their weight. Jackie and Diane are a mother and daughter who have lost 300+ pounds between the two of them. They know what it's like to be heavy.The two tried a number of diets and studied the diet books on the market. They came up with the simple conclusion. If you want to lose weight you have to eat less. You don't have to combine foods in a certain way, cut out carbs or exercise till you are blue in the face. You simply have to burn more calories than you are taking in through diet and exercise.Throughout the years there have been many diet plans that agree with Jackie and Diane. Cut calories, move a little more - lose weight. Weight Watcher's members count points, Jenny Craig doles out low calorie meals etc. Many of these diet plans enable members to lose weight. The problem is people gain the weight back and usually a few extra lbs with it!Jackie and Diane advocate a different approach. They advocate a system called EUCALORIES or normal calories. They suggest you select your goal weight, making it a realistic one and then multiply that weight by 12. For example if you wish to weigh 135, you would multiply 135 by 12 and get 1620. Start eating 1620 calories on a daily basis and eventually you will wind up weighing 135. It will take longer than if you cut to say 1200 calories BUT you are more likely to stick with the program...forever! Weight loss can be enhanced by adding in more excercise.There are drawbacks to the plan. Individuals do differ in their metabolisms, acitivity levels etc. So the actual calorie count per individual may vary. But in general Jackie and Diane say this method will work for most.One area Jackie and Diane address is dietary guidelines ie how many grains, veggies etc. you should eat. They use government guidelines By following the recommendations you will know how much and what to eat daily. HOWEVER the beauty of the method is, if you don't follow the recommendations..so long as you count the calories (baring medical problems) you should reach your goals. For good health though, it is recommended that you follow the guidelines most of the time. The recommendation for fats and oils is listed on p. 53 as 2 servings per week. This did not look correct to me and I emailed the authors. They said it was a printing error and it should be 2 servings daily.Eating more calories but still losing weight is much easier than sticking to a low calorie diet, however, there will still be times when one has trouble. Eating protein will help with control. It has been shown that folks that eat a little more protein eat fewer calories and stay in greater control. Though Jackie and Diane touched on nutrients etc. They did not share this information and it is really crucial for many people who lose control when they eat too many carbs. It's not a matter of giving up carbs..its a matter of making sure you eat enough protein to regulate sugar surges.The mental aspect of weight loss are barely addressed in this book and for two women that were 300+ overweight I think they could have discussed this.The book is set up so it shares the plan in the first half and the second half is primarily recipes. Recipes include mushroom smothered chicken, ham and egg fried rice, banana muffins and smashed parmesan and roasted garlic potatoes. Each recipe includes calories, fat, carbs and protein. There is also a daily menu plan for 28 days spelling out breakfast, lunch, dinner and allowing you to select your own snacks. The back of the book includes a snack and calorie guide.Kudos for Jackie and Diane for their tremendous weight loss accomplishment and thanks for sharing this new way of looking at how to do it!
29/32
4.0
1132963200
6301065557
I am lucky enough to own all of the Firm videos. This tape Low Impact Aerobics (formerly called Vol. 2) with Janet Jones Gretzky is one of the toughest for me! Do not be misled by the title. Though both feet stay on the floor throughout the workout, its intense! It doesnt help that Ms. Gretzky looking absolutely stunning in a white leotard, barely breaks a sweat while lifting heavy weights. When I first got the tape I could barely get through it. However with, determination and desire I can now do the tape using the size weights Janet uses. But its still challenging! Thats part of the charm of the Firm. The lavish set, beautiful music and outstanding instructors inspire you to achieve your best! If you are beginner just do what you can and eventually you will work up to completing the entire tape. I have really increased my cardiovascular endurance and improved my physique as a result of these tapes. Warm up is 6minutes. Aerobics 25minutes. Hip/Thigh work 18minutes. Ab work 7minutes and final strech 9minutes. You will need dumbbells ankle weights and lots of determination to do this workout. Its GREAT!
42/42
5.0
956880000
0761133240
"The Step Diet" is a compact 7 and 1/2 by 5 and 1/2" book that explains exactly how you can lose weight by walking and making small dietary changes. According to the authors the average American will gain a little bit of weight each year. You can prevent this gain by adding 2000 steps to your daily walking. To lose weight you add more steps and cut back on what you eat.These simple changes can be made one at a time and add up to permanent change thats easy to incorporate into your everyday life.The book teaches you how to determine your current average step amount and increase it week to week. There is also a chart to show how to convert other activities into steps so you can track all of your activities. Information is included on how to make minor dietary adjustments so you can reap the reward of a fitter, slimmer body.Overall the book is excellent at helping the reader learn how to regulate weight through step activity. The authors do however confuse the issue with "megasteps". The authors help you determine your megasteps and then at the back of the book they list common foods and tell you how many megasteps each food is equal to. For example an egg will cost you approximately one megastep. praline ice cream about 6. This is just another way of calorie counting and really not needed in the book in my opinion.Instead it would have been nice if the authors had included the number of steps you would have to walk to burn off certain foods. For example to burn up an order of small fries (210 calories) you would have to walk about 4,200 steps. This type of information in the book would have been great. But it's not included.A pedometer comes with the book. As others have noted here I personally have and would recommend that others purchase a better quality, more accurate pedometer.The book is linked to the americaonthemove.org website and its GREAT! A lot of information on walking for individuals or groups. You can set goals at the site. For example you can pick a trail like the Lewis and Clark trail which requires you step about 9,000 paces a day. Each day you record your steps and see visually how far you are on the map and your average steps, plus you can read about the area. What fun and its free!Overall, the book is a "breath of fresh air" with it's focus on making small changes in eating and increasing walking activity (not killing yourself with intense exercise programs) to see big results.
63/65
5.0
1097625600
B0002P0DCI
The book Simple Steps is a guidebook for the woman whose life according to the book is "a cluttered mess of worries, wishes and chores that you can't keep track of."The authors tell you to do one thing each week for your health, your weight, your home and your spirit. If you add these steps each week, in ten weeks you will be in greater control and according to the authors "cultivating the life you always wanted."Week 1 for example suggests you drink eight glasses of water every day for your diet, walk twenty minutes a day for fitness, clean out a drawer or cabinet every week for your home, and save $2 a day for self.Other weeks include tips such as keeping a food journal, cleaning out your fridge, taking a multivitamin, cleaning and flossing your teeth (yes you read that right) and cutting back on caffeine.The authors tell you why you should do these things and how to "attach them to your lifestyle".You already know you should be doing everything in this book.You already know the techniques in this book.On the back cover the authors say they will empower you by helping you attain the body you want with simple tricks like avoiding the kitchen after hours and using herbs and spices. (You knew that already). They say you can make room for fitness by using new techniques like kitchen dancing. (Is this new to you?)There really is nothing new here. But sometimes we are so overwhelmed, we don't do the things we should. So the authors have written a book to get you to add these basic skills to your life one week at a time so they become lifelong habits. They walk you through each good habit step by step and hold your hand so you can accomplish your goals.The choice then is do you need the book to tell you what you should already be doing? Or could you just make a list of habits that you know are good for you and then add one or two habits each week?A lot depends on the type of person you are. If you feel like you want some support and are so flustered with your life you don't know where to get started buy the book. If not just make a list of things you want to accomplish and do a little bit each week.
60/67
3.0
1056153600
B00008G8VK
The Power Walking System by Leslie Sansone consists of Power Walk 3 miles, Power Firm and Ask Leslie. The Power Walk is typical Leslie fair. Sidesteps, marches, small kicks etc. She adds light handweights during the walk to increase intensity. You are told when each mile is completed so you can end your workout at 1, 2 or 3 miles. It's a nice workout and the handweights make it even more effective.The Power Firm is a series of leg exercises. Leslie herself uses 2.5 pound weights. Since Leslie is pear shaped and already has a larger lower body than upper body I wonder why she elects to use the weights. To decrease body size in your lower extremities you are better off using less weight and more repetition. If you want to bulk up these muscles add weights.Leslie leads you through standing leg exercises, inner thigh and outer thigh work - a short simple routine.Ask Leslie consists of short questions and answers with Leslie.Overall I really like the walk but agree with other reviewers, that the DVD skips in about 10 places and this is very annoying.As you are walking suddenly the DVD will pause and then resume. It does as one reviewer notes breakup the rhythm of the workout.Overall if you can put up with the skipping, the Power Walk walking workout is a good one and the Power Firm workout a nice bonus.
6/8
4.0
1109289600
1932273557
"Instyle Getting Gorgeous" the latest release from the editors of Instyle magazine is an excellent guide to help you achieve your loveliest look.The oversized 190 page book covers a variety of beauty topics in-depth. Chapters include skin care, makeup, lips, body, hair care, teeth and more. The chapter on nails for example details the different nail products on the market, walks you step by step through a manicure and pedicure, discusses nail health - problems and solutions and explores nail color selection.Though there are a number of beauty books on the market, "Instyle Getting Gorgeous" explores most topics to a greater degree than most others. In the chapter on hair for example, hair style is covered as is the norm but so is hair health and how to trim your own bangs. The skin care selection includes the basics but goes beyond with info on the very latest cosmetic procedures and how to give yourself a facial. Fragrance, "the ultimate accessory of fashion" is also explored so you can not only look terrific but smell delicious too. Tons of info on all aspects of looking gorgeous here!Photographs in the book are of celebrities. This is Instyle's focus so you will see Kate Hudson, Sarah Jessica Parker, Catherine Zeta-Jones and Beyonce Knowles etc but you will not see ordinary every day women. These women are lovely to begin with but they also have learned how to accent their best features and the book points to how they do this. I really enjoyed the section that demonstrates how celebrities change their look and the mood by simply using a different lip color. Little celeb secrets that we can incorporate into our own look to add pizazz!The book is loaded with step by step illustrations, secrets of the pros, questions and answers, best product choices - and more. "Instyle Getting Gorgeous" is the book to have to answer all your beauty questions and help you glow!Lee Mellott
30/32
5.0
1096329600
0965697401
This is an excellent guide to hiking the highest peaks in the 62 counties of New York State. The author Gary Fallesen started his quest thinking it would take a few months. As he searched for the highest natural peaks county by county he discovered that in many cases the information was not known! He ended up spending hours interviewing,and researching to determine the highest peak often getting mixed information. The result of his work is &quot;Peak Experiences&quot;. Time may show that Fallesen missed a higher peak but in the meantime &quot;Peak Experiences&quot; offers an extraordinary body of work to make the trip more pleasurable! The book includes many tips for the traveler. It covers each summit with interesting personal antecdotes of the people Fallesen met and/or the authors thoughts. This folksy sharing makes the journey real and Fallesen's book much more than the typical tour guide! But Fallesen includes the nitty gritty too. In Peak Experiences you will find detailed maps including the best approach to the peak, season recommendations, visitor accomodations, gear guide, trip planning, the view and even a sweat index of the effort entailed! The author also includes a checklist to note your personal high point accomplishment and a place at the end of each section to make notes. The book is nicely sized to tuck in a backpack for constant referral. A must have for hiking New York summits!
4/4
5.0
972432000
B000G0O5GO
Unfortunately, this DVD is totally misleading. I purchased it as it states there is ONE DVD with Quick Blender for over 100 combinations of Kickboxing and Cardio Hip Hop. Amazon states it is one DVD and the back of the box says to mix and match the 8 ten minute segments. Why the back of the box says..."two heart pumping,innovative workouts togehter on one DVD, you'll never be bored again", is very unclear.There are TWO DVD's in this box, so if you want to purchase to separate workout videos, that is what you get here. I personally was looking for a mix and match combo.~ Lee Mellott
1/2
1.0
1222387200
067003312X
Nancy Goodman struggled for many years with weight issues. Though she was never that overweight, her obsessions with food were making her life miserable. And she kept her weight down by overexercising, undereating etc.In this book Goodman shares her thoughts on what works for her. She "talks" to the reader and shares ideas on what to do so the reader can also hopefully conquer their food problems.Goodman's book is an interesting read. Though I feel she still has issues with food and likely always will, it appears that she has won the major battles and can work through her feelings.Some of her ideas are totally different. Don't eat salads as a weight loss food (unless you want one) because they won't fill you up and by the time you add on all the dressing you may as well have eaten a satisfying sandwich. Consider eating calcium chews as a dessert. One or two will give you that chocolate or caramel munch and serve as an end to the meal. Use your calories on things you want. If you really want that hunk o'cake eat that instead of dinner. Think about what you are willing to give up so you can eat other things. (In Nancy's case she doesn't eat olive oil or butter).Nancy is really open in the book with her thoughts and feelings. I did feel sorry for her hubby though whom she blasts throughout the book. Also she has the benefit of having spent a number of years working with a food therapist.Overall, it's an interesting read about one woman's struggle to make peace with food and her approach is different than the typical diet advise.
5/5
4.0
1123459200
096442410X
This program consists of an audio and booklet that is intended to help you reprogram your subconscious to achieve your weight loss goals. The editorial reviews and authors comments are impressive. Unfortunately the program is not. The author begins by explaining why all weight loss programs(except his) will not work. Then he explains how the mind works to make us either fat or thin (so far so good!). He goes on to state that by asking ourselves the right questions, in the right manner, we can lose weight. Instead of saying to yourself &quot;Why am I so fat?&quot; The author suggests you should say something like &quot;What can I do to lose weight?&quot; This is a good tool to use to help achieve objectives. BUT His progam focuses almost totally on having the listener ask themselves questions. And it stops there. Though I do believe the subconscious can be a VERY important tool to use for weight loss, I dont think that Burris explains how to use it effectively. He just tells you to ask yourself questions in a positive way. Well that doesnt always give us answers! His method is very skimpy and lacking in substantial information to help one achieve their goals. In addition, though he has a nice voice his delivery style is rushed. Its hard to follow what he is saying. I honestly do not feel this program will offer a lot to the reader/listener.
107/120
2.0
958262400
0399526544
Ian Ellis scores a hit with Book Finds - How to Find, Buy and Sell Used and Rare Books. Many book collecting books tend to be hard reads like encyclopedias. Not so &quot;Book Finds&quot;. Ian has a very reader friendly way of writing as he explores the world of collectible books. He explains how to recognize first editions. How to recognize valuable books. Mistakes to avoid. The secrets of professional book scouts. How to care for books and more! The books focus is on modern first editions. He also has a section on purchasing books over the internet. Though I learned a lot from this book there are a few points I disagree with. One is his suggestion that you will get the books you want before others if you sign up with large internet used bookstores to be notified when the books come in. In my experience, by the time you get the notification, the book has usually been sold. If you want a certain book, you must constantly search for it. He also recommends using rubber cement on a sticker on a shiny bookjacket to remove it. A simpler way to remove stickers from shiny dustjackets is an inexpensive product you can purchase at the drugstore called, &quot;Goo Gone&quot;. Rub a little on the book. Wipe and sticker is gone - no mess or fuss. He includes a list of authors that will most likely increase in value but does not include book values as they become dated quickly. Though I understand this, a few more examples of how books can rapidly increase in value by giving price information would have been interesting. Overall, I feel the book is an outstanding find for those interested in buying and selling. Well worth the moderate price tag!
18/19
4.0
996710400
0345432711
This is the story of the musical genius Jackie Du Pre as told by her sister Hilary and brother Piers.Young Jackie was enthralled by the sounds of a cello at the tender age of 4. At 5 under her mothers tutelage she began lessons. Shortly thereafter, her gift was realized. She played not technically perfect but with an overwhelming passion and depth that stunned the music world.Her sister an accomplished musician in her own right was pushed to the side as the accolades went to Jackie.Piers became a pilot and later a businessman to escape a muscial competition he knew he could not match.Throughout the book the love for family comes through. The mother's joy in music and her care in sharing and teaching her skills to her family flows throughout the book.Jackies development as a musician is swift and her sister Hilary realizes that despite her own talents Jackie has a gift that can't be matched.As an individual who cannot play an instrument, it is fascinating to read of someone who is so gifted. To enter the exciting world of music and feel the passion even as a bystander is entrancing. Reading of how the different cello's required different care depending on their wood and strings and how each made its own unique sounds was an education in itself.And the book swept me up not only musically but emotionally. Frankly I was shocked by the revelations from Hilary. At one point in the book, Jackie was emotionally weak and supposedly too distraught to be alone so she slept with Hilary and Hilary's husband Kiffer in the same bed.In the next few chapters Hilary is upset to discover that her husband sleeps with Jackie on numerous occasions to keep her (Jackie) from plumeting into dispair. But Hilary is stoic realizing it was necessary for Jackies &quot;mental health&quot;. Emotionally, I felt like slapping some sense into Hilary. Since when do you invite your sister to share the same bed as you and your husband and not expect some repercussions.This self sacrificing behavior so that, &quot;what Jackie wants, Jackie gets&quot; is evident throughout the book.Eventually Jackie is diagnosed with MS and begins verbally abusing those around her. Sadly she is unable to continue to perform.The book is a hard to put down read and will touch many emotionally.
14/21
4.0
1045267200
B00006RCQH
Leslie is the queen of walking workouts. Her tapes leave you with no excuse not to exercise. They are simple, you can do them at home rain or shine and they are quick.I enjoy many of Leslie's tapes but found the Walk Away The Pounds for Abs tape to be less than her best.The walks are Leslie's usual walks with easy movements, sidesteps, marches etc. This particular set includes a l mile, 2 mile or 3 mile walk on one DVD. A resistance belt, recipe cards and a small booklet with a suggested walking workout schedule. The problem is with the WATP's belt.The tapes are marketed as walks that work your abs. You put a velcro belt around your waist and pull on the resistance bands attached to the belt. One band per arm. This does not work your abs at all. It works your arms. Sadly it also strains the muscles in your back. Not a good thing.The ab belts are not well made and many folks have been sad to discover theirs have broken with just a few uses. To rectify this the manufacturer of the belt now makes them so the bands have a very light resistance. This way there is not a lot of tension on the bands, so they are less likely to break. Naturally, this also means your arms are not going to get a workout either.You could do the workouts without the bands and just use light weights but why would you when Leslie offers so many other workouts to choose from.Unless you want a sore back skip these tapes and select something else.
49/55
2.0
1090108800
0071402500
Yowsa! This is a well researched account of how the food manufacturers are luring Americans into obesity beginning with our children.Companies use product placement, product endorsement, product sizing and other factors to lure us into purchasing items that are not always the best for our health. By starting with our children, these manufacturers can capture a market and make profits for life.Take soft drinks for example. Through active promotion, soda companies have encouraged greater consumption. According to Brownell, soda consumption in the eleven through seventeen age group has doubled within the past 20 years. Stores like 7-Eleven have increased the large size of pop from 16 oz to a 64 oz Double Gulp. Celebrities are used to push pop and brand name bottles show up on popular television shows.A twenty ounce bottle of a typical soft drink has 15 teaspoons of sugar. Is it any wonder that soda is the number one cause of obesity in children?Brownell walks you through shocking examples of how Disney and other characters that are plastered on boxes of usually processed food items capture the child's desire. How sports heros like Michael Jordan (McDonald's) and entertainers like Garth Brooks (Dr. Pepper) are used to sell foods many of which are not in the consumers best interest.Different manufactureres are out there lobbying to get your dollars and they are not thinking of your expanding girth or health. The sugar industry, for example, encourages the addition of sugar to everything from peanut butter to cereal to condiments to increase their bottomline (Americans consume 152 pounds per person per year).The idea of MORE FOOD equals value is also covered. Why buy 1 taco at 89cents when you can have two for only a few cents more. Again encouraging consumption. Yes you can upgrade from that minibon to a classic cinnabon for only 48cents. But that 48cents will buy you 370 extra un-needed calories!Brownell shares in depth the temptation our schools are facing. Many schools are selling out to pizza and soda companies. These rich producers offer millions of dollars to the educational system in exchange for brand placement. The schools eager to supplement their meager resources are loathe to turn it down.Brownell also gives information on what we can do to stem the tide of the unhealthy food that is being foisted on us. He gives a number of suggestions including incentives for purchasing healthy foods, taxes on non-nutritious food, greater access and lower prices on real food and much more.Most of us recognize that we are being targeted by the food producers. But as you read through this 358 page book you will realize just how far reaching the problem is. An excellent read for parents who are having a hard time resisting the call of &quot;Blues Clues&quot; fruit treats and for the eater who wonders why they just sucked in a muffin that could easily feed 4.Excellent information and resource!Lee Mellott
20/22
4.0
1091491200
0309093104
Dr. Susan Okie has done exhaustive research into one of the most pressing medical issues of today - childhood obesity. The 322 page hardcover book explores the issues surrounding this problem that continues to grow.Obesity not only effects a child's self-esteem but can lead to medical problems; high blood pressure, diabetes, heart disease and other conditions.In her book, Okie examines the causes and cures for obesity. Citing both nature and nurture, Okie gives true life examples of what people are doing to combat the problem. With over 22 million children considered to be "fat" in today's society, Okie looks at ways to lower the obesity rate.This book is a very valuable read for parents, health workers and others to recognize how rampant the problem is and what to do about it. Written in a friendly yet authoritative format Okie, covers a lot of material.Parents will find it helpful to learn what others have done to help their overweight child become healthier or to help prevent their child from becoming overweight. Health workers will appreciate the vast research Okie has done.Okie does skip around a little in the book which does interrupt the flow of the book ie in one paragraph she may jump from one idea to the next, but overall the book flows pretty well. She covers alot of ground!A very good look at childhood obesity one of our nation's most serious problems!
12/13
5.0
1112486400
B00062IE7I
Over the years I have tried a number of different exercise dvds and have found Leslie's walking tapes to be the ones I "step" back to again and again. Rain or shine I can pop Leslie in and take a brisk walk. No fancy dance moves or killing myself with an over the top workout. Though I like to shake up my routine and challenge myself with other types of exercise I find Leslie's DVD's are a quick, simple way to get a workout in. Leslie's workouts are not super intense, but I have tried intense workouts like the ones by Cathe, The Firm, Beach Body and others and I find the Leslie tapes are more effective for me because they are the ones I will do! I will do a Leslie walk a few times a week, add in a little weight lifting and once in a while pop in a tough routine.Leslie's new Walkblaster system is a nice way to bump up your stepping. The system includes a ramp which is at a tilt. You can easily adjust the height of the ramp by moving a few pins on each leg to make it higher or lower. Because you can select where to step on the ramp (higher or lower) you can adjust the difficulty as you workout and it is easier on the joints than a regular step. The ramp has 3 colored sections. Leslie guides you through floor stepping and then she adds the ramp, calling out the colors to step on.Leslie includes 3 DVD's with her system. The first is Shape & Thin. Leslie teaches you basic step techniques like side steps, mini kicks etc and explains how to use the Walkblaster. The 30 minute tape goes quickly and is designed to introduce you to the system.Shape & Firm is just a tad over 30 minutes long and adds intervals of small lunges, squats and walking steps. Shape and Sculpt is 42 minutes and the most intense of the workouts. It includes more lower and upper body work.The system comes with weighted sandballs. These soft little balls are one pound a piece and are great to add light toning to your routines. You can use them with the workouts to bump them up a notch.Also included were two small brochures: Fat Blasting Secrets and a 14 Day Low Carb Eating Plan.The workouts are simple and effective. Nice for a beginner to low intermediate. Hopefully Leslie will add some more intense workouts to use with the Walkblaster system. If you decide you need more intense workouts, Gin Miller ([...]) has made a number of them for the ramp.The ramp can also be fun to just step up and down on when you have a few minutes..every little bit of fitness helps! All in all a really simple, yet effective way to help you get in shape.
21/21
4.0
1120435200
B0002IQOOQ
Dance Dance Revolution Extreme is the newest DDR Playstation game from Konami. And it does not disappoint.DDR is a game you play by moving your feet on a controller dance pad and following directional arrows to different songs on your TV screen. You can select different levels from beginner on up according to your abiility.One of the reasons DDR is so much fun is the variety of options it offers. For example, the background graphics change. You may be dancing with a Captain Jack video with one song or animated visuals with another. You can opt to dance with different characters or dance alone. You can compete with another player, play with one pad or two, choose your songs or have them chosen for you etc. So many options you will never get bored!Another key element of DDR fun are the unlockables. DDR Extreme starts you off with 44 songs. There are 11 new Konami original songs like "Firefly" and "Jet World" , 5 songs from Karoke Revolution including "Believe", and ""Ladies Night", 11 Konami originals from previous games including "Higher", "So In Love" and "Wild Rush" and 17 licensed songs with "Diving", "Planet Rock" and "Never Ending Story" among them. As you pass certain levels and complete a certain number of songs you UNLOCK new songs. Unlockable songs include "Tsugaru", "Drop the Bomb" "Funk Boogie" and many more.With DDR Extreme you also "unlock" characters to dance with. You start with two named Blues and Rhythm and eventually unlock others including Baby-lon, Spike, Janet and more. There are also different game modes including endless, oni, nonstop and mission.DDR Extreme also features a workout mode. You can input your weight and workout goal. You may want to workout for a certain length of time or to burn a certain number of calories. Choose your level of ability and get moving! DDR Extreme will show you approximately how many calories you burned and compare your current session to previous sessions.One new feature of DDR Extreme is the party mode. These are mini-games. You will need an eyetoy camera (not included with the DDR Extreme game). With the camera your image is projected on the TV and you respond to the activity shown on the screen. You might be wiping bubbles off the screen that hide the game arrrows or feeding animals. Other mini-games include "Coconut Panic" where you shake the trees and catch coconuts, "Magical Ball" bounce the ball on the screen with your hands and more. About 7 of these cute games.I purchased my Playstation 2 just to play DDR. I thought it would be super exercise and keep my interest and it certainly does. I wear a mini-pedometer and rack up thousands of steps daily moving to the music! It's so much fun you forget you are exercising. Great for coordination too. I highly recommend DDR Extreme and the other DDR games for all ages!
78/80
5.0
1095984000
0060522275
I rarely read fiction. But I was attracted to the this book when I saw it in the book store because of its title, &quot;Elegance&quot;. I own an older non-fiction book by Genevieve Dariaux also called, &quot;Elegance&quot;. So I decided to see what the book was about.To my surprise much of the book is based on the non-fiction book by Dariaux.The main character in the book finds a dusty copy of &quot;Elegance&quot; in the used book store. Using the books advice she slowly transforms herself from an unhappy housewife with a dull job and a packed closet but nothing to wear into a woman of style and substance.Each chapter begins with quotes from the Dariaux book (most of which are in the original book, a few have been made up by the author or changed.) And as each chapter goes along our heroine learns something that relates to the quote about style or elegance. For example, weight, men, restaurants, underwear are among the topics covered. I especially enjoyed the chapter on lingerie. As I thought of my own worn DKNY nighties, our heroine Louise is learning that &quot;everything you own should do its job with some semblance of grace and dignity.&quot; and that we tend to dress and look better for complete strangers than our loved ones. Hmmm time for a little shopping for me!Our heroine also learns that a sparse closet with very fine clothes that you wear and wear and always look fresh in is far better than a wardrobe jam packed with tawdry items that don't last,or look good.The book is a learning tool for the character, Louise and for the reader.And of course the book is not only a tool that teaches elegance but it plots the ups and downs of Louise's life.I love the book. Though I have read many pure fashion books, this fiction book rivals them. It had me pulling out my Dariaux book and rereading for what I missed.A super read!
51/54
5.0
1057968000
1592330460
Don't be fooled by the title, "The Martini Diet" by Jennifer "Gin" Sander, is not a version of the drinking man's diet. Instead it's a truly delcious way to lose weight!The Martini Diet consists of 3 very simple rules: Rule #1 - Eat only the very best. Rule #2 - Eat somewhat less of the very best and Rule #3 - Eat the very best only at mealtimes (ie no snacking). According to Gin if you follow these rules the pounds will drop.Personally I have tried a number of methods to lose the baby weight I gained (and baby is 14) from questionable supplements to lo-fat foods to food combining to Weight Watchers. I would get very hyped on these plans only to discover that none of it worked LONG TERM. You see, I like my comforts and that includes chocolate, wine, good bread, etc. So I just couldn't stick to programs that didn't include these goodies or that encouraged eating fake foods that made my appetite increase!Gin's book teaches balancing pleasure with moderation. If you give up the fake, tacky foods like processed cheese whiz, and diet nutrition bars and lo-fat fake cookies etc. and if you eat real food in modest portions and don't snack much if at all, you can lose weight. And you will LOVE the process.My dinner last night was a simple piece of grilled chicken, corn on the cob (no, you dont have to give up starches..just eat them in modest portions) and asparagus. Washed down with a glass of zin and chased by a piece of rich dark chocolate. What could be better?I love Gin's book because of the refreshing way she writes. She entreats you to become a food snob and turn your nose up at the twinkies and boxed scalloped potatoes. You are too good for that. I love the way Gin tells you to treasure yourself and indulge in the very best.However, there are a few things that bothered me about the book. The first is though Gin implores you to eat "REAL FOOD" she confesses she has a penchant for Slim-fast. Though Gin tells you to "LOVE YOUR FOOD" she then shares that she enjoys Slim-fast because, "it gets that morning meal out of the way". Huh? What happened to enjoying your food? She also includes recipes at the back of the book and a few include questionable ingredients like soda pop.Despite the few inconsistencies, I give the book top ratings because of the core message. Gin's message is to "Spoil Yourself Thin". This will help you get out of the weight loss means depriviation and punishment mode. She suggests you treat yourself to the best food. When you get a craving, pamper yourself by beautifying yourself instead of eating. You participate in exercise you love instead of killing yourself at workouts you hate.By now you may be wondering why the title, "The Martini Diet". This is because Gin suggests you indulge each day in a glass of wine or martini for the health benefits and pure enjoyment. She also gives simple techniques to figure out your portions sizes by using a martini glass. Nifty!Gin admits she is not a scientist or doctor. She is just sharing what works for her. So if you read around the inconsistencies and stick to the core of what she is sharing you will have fun with the book. Gin wants you to enjoy your life and losing weight can be a pleasure if you follow her tips.
66/67
5.0
1085356800
B000HWZ2J0
The other day a gal wrote to a fitness website I am on and said,&quot; I am tired of dieting and exercising, please tell me what diet pill I can take and just get skinny quick.&quot;After reading &quot;The Diet Pill Guide&quot; I was able to tell her, there is no magic pill, just as most of sadly knew all along.The Diet Pill book lists over the counter, prescription and other supplements sold for weight loss. It lists products, brand names, ingredients, how sold, background and research, product claims, side effects, precautions and other information.A number of products are covered. Everything from A Aoqili Slim Soap (yes a soap that claims it makes you skinny as you wash with it), to Z zhi shi (citrus rinds of the bitter orange). And lots in between. Here you can learn the truth about slim fast , bee pollen, locust root, ginger, 5HTP and more. The good (green tea) the bad (fat trapper) and the ugly (ephedra) are all covered.A handy index at the back of the book makes it easy to look up the pill you were thinking of popping. One drawback is the book does not cover starch blockers. Since the book was published in 2002 starch blockers which are becoming more popular should have been included. Hence the 4 instead of 5 star rating.Overall a great little reference!
10/10
4.0
1063670400
1592530184
I enjoy functional yet eye-catching rooms with a feel of luxury to the space - comfortable and classy ....So when I came across the book "The Organized Home: Design Solutions for Clutter-Free Living" it immediately appealed to me.The book is filled with lavish photographs of beautiful rooms that are pleasing to the eye. But the rooms go beyond the pretty/decorator look because each is designed with simple solutions to organize the space so the home becomes a refuge from our hectic lifes. It becomes a place of peace. Organized and restful.Though I have read a number of organization books, this one introduced me to some lovely new ideas. How to use a tansu(or chest), how screens can be used to hide and divide, why you should always have a mirror in the hallway and much more.The hardcover book 10" by 8" with its glossy cover is pretty to place on the coffee table and so packed with solutions you will refer to it constantly. It includes chapters on organizing by design, creating a first impression, adding life to the living room, creating a double duty dining room, taming childrens rooms and taking a fresh look at laundry and mud rooms among others.Each chapter takes an indepth look to give you tips and techniques to make your home glow. One of my favorites is the kitchen section. In this section the authors teach you how to cut clutter, plan for get togethers, organize your kitchen gear and display collections. The nitty gritty is covered not just surface information. Not only are you given quick and easy ways to increase your storage for example you are also encouraged to label your spices with the date of purchase, rotate your dishes and take inventory of your cutlery. Little things that make your kitchen function at its best. And this is done room by room.A super read, packed with information and very inspiring!Lee Mellott
26/27
5.0
1098403200
B0000T3CD8
I purchased the R300M, installed it and spent an entire day trying to figure out why I could not get it to work. Turns out, mine had a defective memory card reader. When I called Epson support they were outstanding at taking care of the problem. I had my new printer within 2 days.The new one works like a charm. I will say that when you turn the printer on and off its slow and initially I thought something was wrong but customer service assured me this is normal.I am also glad I anted up the extra bucks so I could view the photo through a view finder at the top of the printer - this feature is worth the $.My first few photos did not come out to well. I did a printer head alignment and that took care of the problem. Also be sure to click on the correct type of paper you are using ..ie if you are using glossy or regular you click the box in the properties section when you select paper size etc. otherwise you will not get the best results.After playing with it awhile I printed some photographs and they were stunning! Though the initial cost may seem high, its frustrating to get prints from the store that are of poor quality due to lighting, camera angle etc. You will be able to control your results here and enjoy your photos right away when you print them.Another nice feature is you can print directly on a CD. My daughter is a singer so we purchased this printer to have that feature available. Though we have not used it yet, I have heard that results are very good.With the quality photos I am getting and the great customer service I received this Epson Inkjet gets high marks.
15/16
4.0
1101686400
B0000Y8JAE
These are the replacement sponges for the Dermanew system. Each sponge includes a foam top section that comes in contact with your skin and a plastic bottom section that snaps securely on to your Dermanew applicator.The sponges are very effective at applying the Dermanew dermabrasion creams. Very gentle on the skin with just the right amount of pressure. Each one also lasts a long time if you clean it after each use. But because of wear and tear and bacterial growth they should be replaced periodically.The Dermanew system is great!(See my review on it) The sponges are excellent. However, I deducted one star because I feel $4.00 is pricey for the item.
6/6
4.0
1108684800
0848723554
Another appealing recipe collection from Weight Watchers! Make it Fresh includes around 150 recipes featuring main dishes, soups, sandwiches, salsas, dips, sauces, pies and puddings. There is even a recipe for Sangria. You really can eat and drink what you want on the 123 if you count your points, and this recipe collection will help you do that! Sample recipes include, Grilled Red Snapper With Pesto, Vegetarian Paella, Shrimp Calzones, Santa Fe Salsa. Each recipe includes the Weight Watchers 1,2,3 points. Each recipe also includes, exchanges, fat, cal, pro, carb, chol, iron, fib, sod, and calc. A nice book to add to your collection for some tasty meals and side dishes!
25/25
4.0
956880000
0848723562
Another yummy recipe collection from Weight Watchers! This one focuses on 'wholesome' food.The emphasis is on whole grains, legumes, fruits, vegetables, lean proteins. It includes around 125 recipes, including snacks, side dishes,one-dish meals, cobblers, crumbles, cheescakes and savory breads. Sample recipes include, Fresh Tomato Pasta Pie, Teriyaki Tuna With Fresh Pineapple, Chile Con Queso Dip, and Thai-Seared Tofu. The editors tried to come up with some unique combinations using easy to find fruits,vegetables, meats and grains. There are also sidebars in this book with information on different produce, meats and grains. They explain what to look for when selecting artichokes,cherries as well as salmon, bulgar and other items. Each recipe includes points to support the Weight Watchers 1,2,3 program. Each recipe also includes exchanges and calories, fat, carb, fiber, chol, iron, sod and calc. information. Overall a nice, affordable book. This offers a variety of recipes, but alas no chocolate ones!
29/29
4.0
956880000
B00076F084
Janice is really a sad babe. Abused as a child, she grew up, it seems hating everything and everyone. In this book Janice gives advise to women on how to get and keep their man, shares celebrity stories, and talks about how she manages to stay looking good.The cover of the book is creative with Janice set up to look like a Barbie doll but the content of the book is weak. Janice shares good information in the beginning of the book when she explains in depth how artificial the looks we see in magazines are. Though real women compare themselves to models in magazines, these images are false as the models have been computer enhanced and in true life are most likely staying slender in unhealthy ways. The book goes downhill from there.She rips apart fellow models for their wrongdoings like Christie Brinkley who moved in with Janice's boyfriend soon after they broke up. But then in typical Janice double standard fashion she sees nothing wrong with sharing her bed with other men who are already taken.Janice does her best to treat the reader like they are her best buds and baring her soul but her rough, abrasive personality, and foul language permeate the book and its just not pretty. Her egotistical, &quot;I am so hot and beautiful&quot; nature is immature and becomes old quickly. Her photos reflect this too.I really feel sorry for the worlds first self- professed &quot;supermodel&quot; a fact she reminds you of constantly throughout the book, and I feel sad that she bases her self worth on how many men desire her. Hopefully one day she will find true inner beauty and peace.Meantime skip the book or borrow it.
9/12
2.0
1088553600
B0006ZRMG4
You have to hand it to Hef. Well into his twilight years he manages to surround himself with beautiful, nubile young women who cater to his every whim.In "Hef's Little Black Book" little glimpses of Hef's life are shared. We learn that Millie (his first wife) cheated on him, thus opening the door for his dalliances. We discover that the gorgeous Barbie Benton broke up with him when she discovered he was double dipping with another. That movie night is a big time in Hef's life. That black silk pj's make for good outerwear etc.If you are a diehard Hef fan you may enjoy this book. On the other hand if you want to learn more about the playmates with shocking insights into Hef such as the awful reality that he does NOT use protection read Jill Ann Spaulding's book, "Upstairs".Overall "Hef's Little Black Book" is indeed all about Hef, and only for those who want nitty gritty details shared by Mr. Hefner about himself.
6/7
3.0
1126137600
1573223573
Last year in the middle of winter, I went to my local discount store. A very heavy set, hairy man in flip flops walked in wearing a tank top and see through white mesh shorts. A small pair of bikini underwear completed his attire. He gathered alot of glances none of which were admiring! That is what not to wear!Most of us know not to wear that type of outfit if we want to look good, but many of us still need some advice on what looks best for our body type.Hence the need for Trinny Woodall and Susannah Constantine's book " What Not To Wear".This is a very visual book. Not a lot of text. But enough to explain why one look is good and another look not good.But in a few photos the model looked better in the WORST outfit and not as good in the BEST outfit. And the models(the authors) also tend to make glum faces in the WORST photos and cheerful faces in the BEST photos.The authors cover BEST and WORST using a variety of outfits for breasts, butt, neck, waist, legs, tummy, calves and more. With these two its not learn to appreciate your least favorite features its all about how to hide it.A directory at the back of the book gives addresses for where to shop.Overall a light look at what to wear to hide your problem features.
11/15
3.0
1059696000
1579549586
"The South Beach Diet Good Fats Good Carbs Guide" is a 138 page companion book to the best selling book, "The South Beach Diet".According to the author, Dr. Arthur Agatston all fats and carbs are not created equal. The good fats and carbs will nourish your body, help you stay healthy and lose weight. Eating the wrong kinds will trigger cravings, decrease your ability to burn off calories and make you hungry.In this book, Dr. Agatston shows you at a glance which fats and carbs are compatable with "The South Beach Diet". Each entry lists a food item, its carbohyrate, sugar and fat grams. Foods are then ranked as limited, very limited or avoid. There are over 1,200 listings.The beginning of the book gives a quick overview of "The South Beach Diet". It describes why we need to select certain foods in order to lose weight and get healthy. Though it does not go into the great detail of the original South Beach Diet book, you could purchase this mini book and learn enough to be able to follow the diet successfully.The book packs in a lot of information. In addition to the overview, and food ratings there are also shopping tips and meal makeovers. A handy dining out section makes it easier to stay on the South Beach track at your favorite restaurants.A quick guide also lists what foods to enjoy on each phase of the diet.The only drawback to the book is though its smaller than a normal sized book (7" tall by 5" wide), it's still to large to fit in a pocketbook. It would be nice if it were smaller, making it more portable, thus I deducted one star.Other than that, the book is a super handy resource, excellent for those following the South Beach diet or concerned about their health.
192/202
4.0
1071964800
B001D27GIS
I remember reading about Pia years ago. Apparently her husband (ex ?) has millions of dollars and was willing to make her a well known movie star and invest in her career. However, there was a huge backlash of those who felt she was paying her way to stardom. Her movies were panned and many critized her abilities.Tonight, I watched Butterfly, and I thought it was riveting. Pia stars as Kady, a young woman who returns to the father she never knew and attempts to get him to steal silver from the mine he is guarding. Stacy Keech plays the father and other talented actors like James Francisco round out the cast. Pia looks gorgeous and convinced me with her acting. She has talent, looks, ability and star quality. She is totally believable as Kady, generating heat, youth and a knowing of what she needs and how to get it all at once.The movie includes a bonus segment where the actors talk about the movie and Pia still looks awesome 26 years later. She speaks very intelligently and represents herself well.It seems that real fame eluded Pia... and I wonder if without the money her husband put into her career and the resentment it caused, she would have accomplished her goals.~ Lee Mellott
12/15
5.0
1225843200
B0006V3Q8G
When you are bought up on packaged mac and cheese, Wonderbread and Twinkies it's hard to know what good food really is.But after you have experienced a balsamic vinaigrette salad with pine nuts and smoked chicken or a pan seared tuna glazed in fresh orange and basil you realize that there is a wealth of delicious food out there once you start looking past the boxes of Hamburger Helper and Lucky Charms.That's where Ari Weinzweig author of Zingerman's Guide to Good Eating comes in. Ari doesn't care about fancy food. He cares about simple, good tasting food. And the best food begins with the freshest ingredients.In this book Ari shares his wealth of knowledge about food. He teaches you how to select the best food items and how to really experience your food by learning how to taste.Yes he teaches you how to taste. You will fine tune your palate.But think about it, many of us gobble our food so quickly we don't taste it. So we eat more. We eat processed foods rats would turn away from. And some of us become fat and unhealthy.In this book Ari educates us. You will learn how to select the best bread, cheese, olive oil, pasta, chocolate and more. Take chocolate for example. Ari explains how to check the sheen of the bon bon, the sound of it breaking, the texture of it and the ingredients to look for, so your selection is a delicious choice. He goes on to give the history of cocoa and describes how chocolate bars are made. He also names specific brands to look for like Valrhona, Scharffen Berger and Michel Cluizel. He even details how to taste chocolate so you can truly assess the flavors. Yum. Ari, I think I will try to figure that one out myself!The book also includes a number of tasty recipes such pasta with pepper and percorino, mashed sweet potatoes with vanilla, dark chocolate granita and miguel's mother's macaroni.Other tidbits in the book include brewing tea for the best cuppa, when to buy certain cheeses , spotting a good wine vinegar, and much more.A fabulous read, one you will savor and learn from.Lee Mellott
9/10
5.0
1085011200
B000BGIUKA
I purchased the mbox2 with the goal of recording my daughter's vocals and sending them to someone else to mix and master.I ordered my mbox2 in December and was disappointed to find out that the software that comes with the mbox2 Protools, had been updated but my package included the old software. As a newbie to recording this made the entire process more difficult as I had to download the new software only to discover the help file was a separate download. I emailed the company and requested updated versions of the software but they wanted a $15.00 fee despite the fact I had just purchased the product.I should be happy I got an answer via email because though the mbox2 product works ok (once you figure it out) telephone tech support is almost impossible to get.Protools (the software that comes with mbox) includes a very nice CD with instructions on how to use the box. It also includes 2 booklets. HOWEVER if you are new to the system of recording the information leaves alot to be desired. The booklets and the CD were designed for someone who knows what they are doing. The beginner trying to figure it out will most likely be at a loss.I was fortunate to find someone who walked me through the basics. I was able to achieve my objective of recording my daughter's vocals and the results once we figured it out (which took days) were pretty good. The software does freeze up however, but usually we are able to save our work.The ability to import and export MP3 files is an additional $20 fee and though I paid the fee and have been able to import, it claims I have a demo and will not allow me to export. Calls to tech support have resulted in frustration as you go from one programmed message to another and finally get a message that says, please call back at another time as the wait time is too long..or something to that effect.If you are comfotable with recording and know what you are doing the mbox2 may be the right system for you. If you are a beginner, I would recommend purchasing a system that has clear directions and better tech support.PS I wrote this entire review while waiting on the phone for an mbox2 tech support person to answer a question. I have long distance included in my calling plan, thankfully as it is a long distance call. I really cannot recommend this company or it's product due to the lack of support (not being able to get a tech support person despite numerous trys) and poor customer service (ie trying to charge for the latest software that should be free as I had just purchased it).UPDATE: After about 45 minutes on hold I finally got through to tech support. Matt was just outstanding at helping me with my problem and took the time to make sure my issue was resolved. So I have to say that once you do get tech support its great..He was very patient and walked me through updating the MP3 option problem I was having (due to being sent the outdated software). CHEERS To MATT for fixing my Mbox problem, And it would be great if the company would hire more fine people like Matt so tech support is better.
16/30
3.0
1136764800
0970583230
I am not an athlete. I was almost afraid to read this book. I thought I would be overwhelmed with training programs and hard to understand sports jargon.To my surprise the book is written in an easy to understand way with plenty of advice for both the novice and advanced exerciser.Different fiber types make up our muscles. Each fiber type is efficient at performing a different task. Thus Ellis wrote his book to provide a spectrum training system. A system that fully works all your muscles efficiently.The book begins with an overall picture of diet. What works what doesn't. What are good sources of energy. What helps you get your best performance. The truth about fat.Next the book discusses training and conditioning. It covers exercise goals, monitoring your program, exertion and intensity.Then Ellis provides a wide variety of exercise prescriptions. There is a complete prescription for getting the most benefit from walking. The book includes beginning and advanced programs for body building. There are also a number of black and white photographs of Greg demonstrating good form.Whether your goal is to become a lean, mean fat burning machine, gain muscle, or just become fitter, you will be able to customize your program to reach your goals using Greg's information!
8/10
5.0
1060041600
0970583281
Over the years I have read hundreds of weight loss books. The result has been total confusion, as I muddled through conflicting information. Count your points, eat low fat, boost your metabolism with supplements, eat all you want but eat low carb, etc. Hundreds of different books all with a different opinion on how to lose weight.When a friend told me about Dr. Ellis's book, &quot;Dr. Ellis's Ultimate Diet Secrets Lite&quot;, I figured it was just another diet scheme dreamed up by the author to make himself rich and would probably make me fatter. I had dieted myself up the scale, trying out different plans. Gained 20 pounds eating all the fats and protein on one actresse's well known diet plan. Lost but quickly regained weight watching points on another plan. You name it, I tried it and ended up regaining weight and getting fatter.But the desire to lose weight was strong so I decided to read Dr. Ellis's book. I purchased the LITE version. The depth of Dr. Ellis's knowledge is so impressive, I later anted up for the BIG version of his book. But this review will focus on his LITE version.The book really begins with the cover. Dr. Ellis is pictured on the cover and his physique is spectacular. It's obvious he practise what he preaches. Over the years Ellis has experimented with his own body and in labs and explains clearly in this book exactly what adjustments you must make to lose weight and keep it off permanently. He has a PhD in Physiology and is an expert in bodyweight regulation.Ellis exposes the myths surrounding weight loss, that have caused failure and frustrations for hundreds of thousands of people. And he spells out exactly what one must do to get rid of unwanted pounds forever.No dieting Ellis believes in simple changes that will give you permanent results. The first key is that calories DO count. The sellers of the low carb books would like you to believe that there is a metabolic advantage to their program. Ellis dispells this myth and explains exactly how and why calories are the bottomline.Ellis does not stress dieting. His program involves making wise choices to lose weight. Eat a little less and burn more activity calories and you will achieve your desired goal.Ellis describes exactly how to do that in the book. And for all those looking for the magic fix explains why it isnt out there!Though this is the LITE version of the Big book it is jam packed with information. Chapters include physical activity, behavoir modification, the plan to lose weight, why low fat diets don't work, ketosis, the scoop on low carbohydrate diets and much more!Despite the science in the book, Ellis manages to explain everything clearly. And your interest and excitement in the book will grow page after page as you realize how you have been duped in the past and have finally found the answer to your weight loss woes.Once you have read the book you will know exactly what to do to lose weight and keep it off permanently!
17/20
5.0
1056412800
B000PUXSQI
Dallas Clouatre, obviously spent a lot of time researching this book. There is a variety of information on a number of different supplements. And there is a plan at the back of the book that claims it will help you reduce body fat. Though the premise of the book is good, Clouatre failed to make the book reader friendly. With so many supplements on the market it can be mind boggling. Clouatre boggles the mind further by jumping from one supplement to another within the same paragraph. The result is a hodge podge of facts to sift through. On the plus side though a lot of information is given. I did question the accuracy on the material given on DLPA. Clouatre states that the &quot;L&quot; form is effective for appetite control but not the &quot;D&quot; or the &quot;DL&quot; form. As the &quot;DL&quot; form includes the &quot;L&quot; form the accuracy of this is questionable. Other research states that the &quot;DL&quot; form is effective. The section on how to apply the information given to reduce body fat is written in a clearer manner. Clouatre gives tips for bodyfat loss ie add fiber,exercise etc. Food combining is also recommended. A core program is also given which includes the use of the described supplements. Supplements recommended include spirulina, GLA, l-carnitine and many others. I do feel the book offers much in the way of information, but wish it was written in a clearer manner.
5/5
3.0
945216000
1569246602
Aside from the glycemic lists (which you can find on the internet) this book in my opinion offers very little to the reader seeking a method for weight control. The &quot;diet&quot; is very dated. On page 7 the authors state, &quot;For once the experts on health are nearly unanimous. Most agree that the food we eat for breakfast, lunch and dinner and for those in between snacks should be low in fat and high in carbohydrate.&quot; What experts are they referring to? The majority of new information points to the low fat, high carbohydrate way of eating (that they propose) as a means to GET FATTER!!! When we eat too low fat we tend to substitute with sugar as we are not satisfied. The authors propose high carb dining. Yet adding protein to your snacks and meals can help control your appetite. They are proposing the SAME old diet (low fat, high carb)that made many of us fatter. I think the rules for true weight loss are lifestyle changes...ie eat unprocessed foods, lots of water, limited starchy carbs, some protein at each meal and some good fat in your diet for satiation. This book takes all we have learned in the past few years (as we got fatter eating low fat, high carb and too much sugar)and blows it off!
20/34
1.0
936662400
B0007XE1GO
I read health and nutrition books for pleasure and to hopefully find a way to eliminate a few pounds without too much discomfort. I could never stay on a diet and had come to the conclusion that diets don't work anyway. Lifestyle changes do. Hence I vowed not to buy anymore diet books but couldn't resist a peek at the bookshelves to see what the new weight loss method was. When I saw Dr. Shapiro's book with all the pictures, I thought it looked like a kindergarten lesson. After years of reading about nutrition, how could I learn anything from this. But when I was given a copy, I decided to look it over. I was amazed! Though I feel that individuals need to make changes for themselves to lose weight their own way, this book provides clear cut ways to make it easy! No longer do you have to diet now you can lose weight with the choices that work for you easily and enjoyably. You may not be willing to give up your rice and meatballs (480 calories) for a 7oz pomegranate fish (280 calories)but you may be willing to forgo 1oz of yogurt pretzels (140 calories) for 2 pretzel rods(70 calories) and 4 plums (70 calories). Dr. Shapiro gives you the options. Now making the right choices has been written about before but there is nothing like a picture to amplify what the right choices are and stick in the mind! The day after reading the book, I put the principles in action. Instead of my usual 1/2 bagel with a tad of cream cheese and tea, I feasted on 2 low fat waffles with syrup, berries and tea (same calories)! The visual pictures make a huge impact! Yes the next time I am at my favorite Japanese restaurant I may still have the tempura that may not be as good a choice as the teriyaki but if I choose differently on other occasions it will work out fine. This book clearly impacts you with the choices available. The text is easy to read, clear cut and helps you recognize that this is a simple, natural way to achieve your weight goals!
31/32
5.0
977184000
B001CL3IAU
Debbie Seibers is an attractive, very fit trainer who will attempt to whip your body into shape with Beach Bodies program, "Slim in 6".The DVD program includes 2 DVD's (in one case) or several VHS tapes depending on which you purchase. A Simple Steps to Success Guide, and calender. Beachbody also includes an internet CD-Rom which is silly because all you have to do is type in beachbody.com and you are where the CD-Rom would take you.The workouts included are: Start It Up, Ramp It Up and Burn It Up along with Slim & 6 pack and Slim & Limber. The suggested rotation is to use Start it Up for 1 week. Then do Ramp It Up for 2 weeks and conclude with Burn It Up for 3 weeks. These workouts are designed to be intense and done for 6 weeks only. After which you can follow up with a separately sold Keep It Up tape, and do the Slim in 6 workouts in rotation with other workouts.Slim in 6 includes a little paper calender to check off your workout days. (You are supposed to work out 6 out of 7 days). It also includes a Simple Steps to Success program which explains how to use the tapes, promotes the supplements beach body sells, and has a day by day simple chart to fill in. I checked into the supplements and did not feel that they were worth purchasing as the testing was not extensive (testing was done by Beach Body) and the ingredients were unproven. I did try the vitamins which broke me out due to the iodine.The exercise tapes include exercises such as lunges, plies, squats, hamstrings, crunches etc. Debbie is accompanied by two exercisers. She is clear with her direction and is friendly but not overly chatty. Just the right pace. A clock and segment timer help you mark time and keep you going. There is also a music on/off option. Slim and Limber is a 15 minute flexibility routine for your days off and Slim and 6 pack is an 8 minute ab routine.As an added bonus Beach Body also sometimes include a 6 Day Express Diet Guide for accelerated weight loss. This is definately a boot camp diet, with about 1200 calories per day that you can add to depending on your size. The spiral bound guide will walk you through step by step the exact exercises to do and what to eat if you want to kick a** and get in gear very fast!The plan is very intense. I followed it for 5 weeks and approaching my 6th could barely stand to see Debbies pretty face one more morning! I decided to opt for an easier program instead of following up with the Slim Series that Beach Body also sells. I don't want to kill myself and will settle for a decent shape instead of a super buff one.If you want to get ripped and you don't want to join a gym and you promise to eat right..you can make great strides with these tapes. Just keep in mind they are very intense. This is a boot camp after all!
213/222
4.0
1112659200
B0018YGDSK
Though "Terminal City" is described as "imaginative and fun" on the back of the box by Entertainment Weekly. I have mixed feelings. (BTW, I don't know why Entertainment Weekly would find a woman scared out of her mind and dying of breast cancer imaginative and fun).The concept was good and the acting excellent. It is just that some of the scenes just didn't feel right.At the beginning of the series, our lead actress is at a golf course, wearing a ludicrous outfit of a skirt and gloves. The outfit alone was bad enough but then she hits golf balls into other peoples homes (breaking windows) because of her diagnosis.In another scene she is driving up the road and showing her breast to her daughter as she drives. Just unrealistic.However, as mentioned the concept of a reality series built around her illness is good. And it kept my attention.Not as good as Weeds or Six Feet Under but still an interesting show.
0/0
3.0
1224374400
B000B7QCOU
Initially, I hated Dr. Pamela Peekes "Body for Life for Women" book. Telling me I had a "menopot", raging hormones, chocolate cravings etc. Geez by the time I was finished the book I felt like a total mess. I was thinking about returning the book to the store in disgust..but when I reflected on the book's contents I had to admit EVERY WORD SHE SAID WAS TRUE!So I decided to incorporate some of her ideas into a simple health plan. (I often use her strength training plan for upper body, some of her nutrition ideas, count calories ala "The Calories Queens" book and mix up my cardio often including using my favorite Dance Revolution game) I picked up her DVD for more ideas. The "Body for Life" DVD is a nice compliment to her book, however, it isn't a replacement..more of an overview.The DVD begins with an introduction by Dr.Peeke. Dr. Peeke is a rangy blond who embodies the vibrant, fitness she preaches. I saw her speak several years ago on her "Fight Fat Over Forty" book and she is just as slender and energetic now as she was then. In the introduction, Dr. Peeke encourages you to take charge of your health and she does something many women would like to do...she smashes a scale and tells you, that you can use other ways to "measure" your size. (In the book she recommends the Tanita line of scales and I agree - see my review on the Tanita BC533..so smashing your scales is not a necessity..but for anyone whose emotions are determined by the number on the scale it may be a good idea!)Next the workout is introduced. In her book, Dr. Peeke recommends alternating days of weight workouts with cardio workouts so I was surprised and disappointed that the workout in her DVD does not follow this principle. Instead she shares three 10 minute workouts. The cardio is not long enough to meet the 30 minute recommendation she makes in her book and the upper and lower body workouts are also very short at only 10 minutes each. That is not to say these are not nice quickie workouts..but they don't follow the method she recommends in "Body for Life for Women". It would have been really nice if she had followed the method described in her book and demonstrated proper technique for the strength training exercises using a weight bench and including a full upper and lower body workout and a separate 30 minute cardio session.The 10 minute cardio session includes basic moves like side by side step, reach and pulls, jump squats etc. The upper body workout includes basic moves that call for one to five pound weights and the lower body workout uses a mat and chair. There are two exercisers and one demonstrates modified positions.The next section discusses hormonal milestones. Dr.Peeke discusses what happens to a woman's body during the teens and twenties, thirties, fourties, fifties and beyond. This is covered in much greater depth in her book. I should note that though the DVD is of a nice quality, at times Dr. Peeke is looking at a different camera and thus not at us, her audience. This is a bit awkward at times but overall does not effect her message.One interesting aspect to the DVD is the 12 Week Challenge section. In this section you click on one week at a time for tips that cover MIND, MOUTH and MUSCLE. The first week for example implores you to Embrace Adversity for Mind, Dejunk your kitchen for Mouth, and Take the First Step for Muscle. This is a really nice feature. Because you can hear some bite sized advice each week and incorporate it into your life. The next week you can click on a new week for fresh ideas.A bonus section is also included in the DVD. Called Smart Food Choices. In this section Dr. Peeke has an array of food and she makes suggestions as to the types of foods you should eat ie: lean proteins, unprocessed food, water rich vegetables etc. She covers quality, quantity and frequency. This is done very quickly and she doesn't cover portion sizes in detail.The DVD does not include a lot of discussion on weight loss, it is really just a simple overview of the book, a chance to see Dr. Peeke and get some fresh ideas. It is not a replacement to the book..just a supplement. It would have been much better if it had included the workout plan as demonstrated in her book.Lee Mellott
153/155
4.0
1137283200
B0007D9VOG
I am the lucky mom of a lovely 14 year old daughter who has been training since kindergarten to embrace singing as a career. Aside from allowing her to do local talent shows, competitions and musicals I have not encouraged her to aim for celebrity. Not my goal to see her become a has been at a tender age as so many talented youth do as they enter the Hollywood wheel. BUT she has been pushing to parlay her youth, beauty, perfect TV size 0 body and ability into a career now! She will last she says and singing is what she will do. No ifs ands or buts.Not being blessed with ANY connections ie Goldie Hawn for a mom or Hulk Hogan for a dad or Jessica Simpson for a sister..I figured I'd best figure out how to approach the Hollywood thing.Hence my reading of &quot;The Importance of Being Famous&quot;. Basically this is Orth's indepth look at a number of celebrities she reported on for Vanity Fair. It includes protrayals of stars and folks who became celebrities due to circumstances that were beyond their control. Maureen profiles the Laci Peterson case, Tina Turner, Denise Rich, Woody Allen, Mohamed Fayed and more. What becomes so very, very clear is that fame is not about talent but is about SELF-PROMOTION. The ability to get yourself noticed and continually stay in the public eye.This ability is ever present in the big names like Madonna, Michael Jackson, Elizabeth Taylor and others who are continually shocking us by redesigning their face, marrying again or in some other way becoming news worthy.In a nutshell covered in the 372 pages I realized that Orth was saying that there is a fine line between infamy and fame - that today's news is over in a flash as tomorrow's news occurs and the next big story is lurching close by. So to succeed long-term you must fascinate.So I summed it up for my daughter. &quot;When you are ready, if you still want to be a well-known singer you are going to have to continually surprise to stay on top.&quot;&quot;Yes mom&quot; she said &quot;I am going to have to keep people interested by reinventing myself.&quot; Guess she doesn't need to read the book. Now if I only had a cousin or knew somebody who knew somebody who was in the music industry!
9/24
5.0
1091750400
0060737298
Dr. Barbara Rolls is one of the leading researchers on weight management. Through her studies she has been able to demonstrate that people can eat hundreds of calories less per day, lose weight and not feel deprived. Dr. Rolls shares her work in her new 316 page hardcover book, "The Volumetrics Eating Plan".The secret is what Dr. Rolls calls, "volumetrics". With volumetrics you are not micromanaging your nutrients ie eating no fat or eating a high protein diet, nor are you giving up favorite foods like chocolate, bread or cheese. With volumetrics you learn to choose foods that will help you control hunger, lose weight yet not be "on a diet".In studies Dr. Rolls conducted she discovered the foods that provide the most "bang" for your calorie buck. In her first book "The Volumetrics Weight - Control Plan" she described the science behind her research. In this book she goes further and describes how to implement these techniques in your daily life.Dr. Rolls found in test studies that subjects could eat up to 800 calories LESS per day and not even notice the difference if they made the right choices.You will learn how to choose the right foods that will help you lose weight without dieting and feelings of depriviation. Volumetrics involves energy density. Dr. Rolls categorizes foods according to their density. Density is based on amount of calories per gram of food. These categories range from Catergory 1 the least energy dense (green beans, celery, lettuce etc.) to Catergory 2 (olives, ketchup, rice etc.) to category 3 (raisins, hard pretzels, oil packed tuna etc.) to catergory 4 - high energy dense foods (bacon, butter, pecans etc.) If you select the lower energy dense foods most of the time and add in select portions of the high energy dense foods you will lose weight. Though it sounds complicated, Dr. Rolls explains it so thoroughly its very easy to understand and once you get the hang of it, you will know exactly what foods to choose more of and whant to choose less of.Dr. Rolls includes a number of delicious recipes also. Her Thai Chicken Salad is perfection! Other yummy recipes include oven roasted potatoes, shrimp creole, stir fried turkey with crunchy veggies, pork chops with orange soy sauce and charlie's greek salad.She also includes a simple walking plan that will enhance your weight loss even further. Simple ways to increase your steps. Dr.Rolls teaches you how to determine your baseline walking and work up from there. A nice bonus to the book!The beauty of "The Volumetrics Eating Plan" is you learn how to incorporate all the foods you love like chocolate, cheese, pizza etc volumetrically so you can eat them and lose weight!She also includes several weeks of menu plans. These are simple to understand with easy to find ingredients. One drawback is that a whole weeks worth of menus are on one page so its a bit hard to read. Other than the weekly menu plans which are squished on a page, the rest of the book is generously laid out with easy to read text and lots of full color photographs.The one weak area in the book is the lack of success stories. Though Dr. Rolls shares a few letters she has received from clients, I would like to have seen more letters and some before and after photographs.Overall, the book is excellent and clearly explains how you can have your cake and lose weight too!
280/292
5.0
1109635200
B000H5CICG
This book is about acceptance and learning to take care of yourself. By eating the foods you desire when you are hungry the authors claim you will melt to your natural size. The authors walk with you step by step to help cure your eating problem once and for all. This book is not about learning control, like eating low fat or healthy foods. This book is about learning to eat what your body truly craves when you are huhgry, enjoying it and stopping when you are full. This book can help you learn to love, respect and accept your body. No more body bashing! You can move beyond negative thoughts about your body and past your preoccupation with dieting. You can learn to take care of your body and appreciate where you are right now! And as you learn to be an effective caregiver you will gain freedom from dieting and progress to your natural size. This is an excellent book and I highly recommend it!
41/42
5.0
972345600
0786116471
I loved this little book! My only complaint would be it is too short! The author shares her experiences as an American who becomes a French housewife. How she feels admidst her very chic French inlaws. What its like to cook full meals several times a day. How the French approach shopping differently. Why the French women are so slim when they eat what they want. How the French men treat the French women. How and why the women treat the men the way they do. And more! A wonderful glimpse by an American living the lifestyle. Refreshing, informative and entertaining!
9/16
5.0
996883200
1579544827
Cathy Nonas RD author of &quot;Outwit Your Weight&quot; recognizes that everyone is different. In her book she gives a number of tips, tricks and tools to help you lose weight and get fit.The key according to Cathy is to incorporate weightloss strategies that are simple to do and will work best for you.The book opens with a section on determining your individual fat traps. Are you a chronic snacker, nightime eater, weekend binger?Do you skip meals, eat from stress, have all or nothing thinking? Once you have identified your weaknesses (and there may be more than one!) Cathy gives you over 200 tools to pick and chose from.Tools are simple techniques you can incorporate into your daily life that will help you manage your eating weaknesses and achieve your weight loss goals. Tools aren't one size fit all!She describes a variety of tools to help with your diet danger zones. If you don't like one tool - pick another!Cathy includes fitness tools, mood tools, behavior and food tools. Many of these tools are fun to try and can add up in pounds lost. For example to teach yourself to slow down when eating, Cathy suggests you use chopsticks for a week. Or you can take a ten minute break in the middle of your meal.The book also includes tons of recipes like Peanut Noodles with Chicken and Watercress, Garlicky shrimp in mustard sauce, Black Bean Burritos and Potato Chips! Cathy also addresses diet danger zones like holidays, fatigue, and lack of willpower.The book is chock full of great ideas to incorporate in your life to help you get slim and trim!
16/16
5.0
1020816000
1579544835
The book "Outwit Your Weight" by Cathy Nonas, R.D. was so jam packed with easy to follow new tips and ideas for managing weight I picked up her companion book, the "Outwit Your Weight Journal".Studies show that the best tool for weight loss success is journaling. In one study it was shown that people gain as much as 500% more weight during the holiday season than during non-holiday weeks. But a few folks actually lost weight during the holidays. Who were these lucky people? The folks who kept journals. Another study showed that folks who kept food journals for 15 weeks lost 64% more weight than those who didn't!Journaling can be key to a successful weight loss journey. Knowing how important this tool is Cathy developed the "Outwit Your Weight Journal". This is very different from your traditional journals. In this book Cathy works with you to customize a journal style that will meet your needs and that you will actually "do" to meet your weight loss goals.Some journals focus on calorie counting, others on exercise or fat grams. Cathy's book focuses on what YOU need.The book begins with a simple self assessment of your diet danger zones. Do you nibble to much. Eat when you are lonely or bored. Eat when you read or eat due to medications?And what is your weight loss personality? Are you a restrained eater with periods of extreme eating styles? Are you an ostrich -in denial about what you eat?Once you have identified your eating personality, Cathy introduces 6 different types fo journals that may suit your needs. She gives charts to fill in for the different styles.You can stick to one type of journal or switch as your needs change.Cathy also gives a lot of other information in the book. She includes "smart strategies" to make the best use of journaling. A full section is devoted to developing goals. Guidelines are given for exercise.The one drawback to this softcover book is that it doesn't lay flat so writing in it can be awkward. But I think the author intends for it to be used as a stepping stone. That you try out different journal styles (or find one instantly) and use that style in a blank book or copy the pages.By personalizing a journal to suit your needs and finding the journal style you are comfortable with you are more likely to use journaling which has led so many to weight loss success!
40/41
4.0
1024531200
B00005MFC2
If you want a nice accurate scale keep looking. This model is lousy at telling you what you weigh. Nothing disappoints more than hopping on and discovering YAY you weigh a certain weight..then trying again a few minutes later and discover NO you actually weigh 5 pounds more!I called the company and they told me you had to wait a few seconds between weighing in for the scale to recalibrate. So I did that, but it didnt make any difference. My weight has varied as much as 10 pounds on this scale.On the plus side, its streamlined with a clear read out. But who cares if the read out is so off!
7/7
1.0
1109721600
0967917654
Even though you know what to eat, know you should exercise and know you should incorporate other healthy habits in your day to day life, the mental game of weight loss is often the most difficult.This is where hypnosis can be very beneficial. By speaking to your subconscious mind you can make weight loss much easier. You can learn to WANT to eat right. WANT to exercise. WANT to drink more water etc. Instead of fighting desires for processed foods and to swill soda or to retire in front of the TV, you can easily learn to desire healthier choices. To this end master hypnotist Victoria Wizell has created the "Ultimate Weight Loss Power Pack".The "Ultimate Weight Loss Power Pack" is a 7 CD set, that comes packaged in a tidy, compact 7 and 1/2" by 2" case. The CD's walk you through 12 weeks of change. You will learn how to hypnotize yourself using several different techniques including progressive relaxation and my favorite, stepping down the stairs into a sea of clouds. At the beginning of the program Victoria will help you set goals. Then each week you will learn how to accomplish these goals by overcoming the internal programming that has been holding you back and by learning new habits.One week your focus may be learning to detect physical versus pschological hunger. Other sessions include turning up your metabolism, healthy eating, exercising, reshaping your body, drinking water and more. My favorite session was "accessing the cause". After completing this CD, I was surprised to find a far greater understanding of why I had put on extra pounds to begin with - the reason was not what I had always thought it was!When you have completed the CD's Victoria has included a maintenance session. You can also go back to certain areas that need more work, and use the program to truly focus on a specific area. I for example, am a regular exerciser so do not feel the need to put a lot of time into that CD but despite the exercise feel that my metabolism is somewhat sluggish, so I am spending more time with the "turn up your metabolism" CD.Over the years I have listened to a number of hypnotic tapes, including weight loss ones. Of the tapes I have listened too, Victoria's are without a doubt the finest and most effective available. To begin with she has a very melodious, soothing voice. It's restful and very peaceful. You enjoy listening to it. With other tapes the speakers often sound rushed, or have a raspy or unpleasant voice. Victoria's voice sets you at ease. It's very beautiful. The content of her program is excellent and because of the way it is written, it will work regardless of what eating style you choose to do with it!This program has a few minor baubles - at the beginning she has you write down limiting and positive beliefs and its a bit confusing when to do what. She also refers to the program as a 12 month instead of 12 week one in the maintenance section, but these are very minor issues.The core of the program is indepth work into changing your inner self so you can finally release the weight forever!This is an intense program. For maximum results you wlll want to work with it every day. If you are only 5 or 10 pounds overweight you may want to try one of Victoria's other CD's. But if you need to lose more or seem to lose and regain the same 5 or 10 pounds over and over, then you may want to really get to the root of the problem and complete the "Power Pack".Excess weight is a complex issue, one that goes far beyond knowing the right things to eat and the right way to workout. For lasting results, you must make inner changes and this program, the "Ultimate Weight-Loss Power Pack" will help you do exactly that!Lee Mellott
6/6
5.0
1095897600
B004PQM80A
This movie boasts a talented cast but the script is terrible. In the movie, our main character played by Vince Vaugh tries to tell his buddy played by Kevin James, that his spouse is cheating on him.The scenes are over the top with Vince beating up the boyfriend, following Kevin's character to a house of pleasure, making a really disgusting toast at an older couple's anniversary celebration etc. Queen Latifah's role was ridiculous and Vince comes across as a buffoon.It was not comedy by any means. It was dark, unpleasant and joyless.I would rank it as one of the worst movies I have watched. I give it 2 stars because I watched the whole thing wondering how bad it could get.Ron Howard is usually quite brilliant, I am really surprised he would put this out there.
1/3
2.0
1310860800
0967917689
I was so impressed with Victoria Wizell's "Ultimate Weight Loss Power Pack" that I decided to try hpnosis for "Anxiety Relief".Among her many qualifications, Wizell is a master hypnotherapist and neurolinquistic programming practiioner. She uses these skills in this 2 CD pack to teach you techniques to overcome anxiety.The focus in the 2CD set is on managing panic problems. It is hard to describe the feelings one has when they experience a panic attack. Incredible discomfort that may include thoughts of dying, fainting or having a heart attack. Sweating, palpitations, dizziness - a virtual potpourri of emotional pain for the sufferer.Victoria suffered from panic attacks and understands what the sufferer goes through. Using her personal experiences and skills she has developed the CD's to enable the user to take back control and embrace the peace within.The sessions teach different breathing techniques, how to eliminate hyperventilation, muscle relaxation, reframing, anchoring, anxiety as an object and positive affirmations. My favorite involved imagining a ball of golden light surging through out my body and filling me with peace and relaxation.I did not care for the cover of the CD box. It features a woman who is anxious looking and one who is relaxed. Please next time just show the relaxed one! But its whats inside that counts and the CD's are excellent. The background music is light and calming. At the beginning of the CD when Victoria explains panic her words are a little rushed but after that her voice is perfect. Calming and relaxing. Victoria has an amazing voice that soothes and comforts and imparts confidence to the user.Because I found the CD's so helpful I checked out Victorias' site hyptalk and found she has other CD's (not listed on Amazon) that cover other areas. Driving has been a major problem for me due to a bad experience. There is nothing like driving up the road feeling like you are going to pass out, especially when your kids are in the car. After just one session with the driving tape, I felt so much better. A wonderful difference. Though I could work through the problem with the Anxiety Relief CD's alone, the Driving Anxiety tape has given me more excellent techniques to use.I would definately recommend you purchase and use Victoria's CD's to make incredible changes in your life!
4/4
5.0
1096675200
B000PC0SG4
Joe Decker has put a lot of effort into this book. There is a comprehensive food plan and exercise plan. What he says for the most part is eat a healthy diet and exercise and you can feel and look better in 4 weeks. He also debunks other programs like the one that claims you can get fit in 8 minutes a day.Joe Decker is in the Guinness Book of World Records holding the title of the World's Fittest Man. Joe completed an ultimate athletic circuit that included a number of events like running, kayaking, Nordic track, swimming etc. to earn his title. He feels that everybody can challenge themselves to a better body.Despite Joe's obvious desire to help others I just found the book lacking. Joe says DONT DIET. But he tells you what to eat and for women its a 1400 calorie a day plan that includes foods like egg beaters, reduced calorie dressing, lo-fat cheese etc. Sounds like a diet to me! For the most part the food items included are healthy ones. But there is no room for treats like chocolate of which a fine quality bon-bon can be healthy in moderation or say a small scoop of ice cream which is also fine in moderation. He also tells you to drink water to get filled up. But studies done by Dr. B. Rolls show that drinking water does NOT fill you up. Eating water rich foods like grapes does.Next he gets into an exercise plan. He encourages women to use heavy weights stating that this will make them sleek and sexy. Not true. If you take a look at females who use heavy weights they do build bulk and a lot of muscle that many females do not want. At one time I also believed this till I noticed how bulky I got using heavy weights. Now I use light weights and more repititions for better results.Joe also busts fitness myths that people believe. But many of these myths have been "busted" so many times that its old news. For example he says you can't spot tone. How often do we have to read that we all think we can spot tone? He also recommends supplements glucosamine and chondroitin which are not FDA approved for safety.The exercise program and the diet program are intense. And you are expected to jump in right away. No easing into anything here.Throughout the book Joe also refers to things with a "World's Fittest Man" prefix as in "World's Fittest Man Catfish Creole" recipe - this gets annoying.I can see that Joe put a lot of effort into the book but its really only for those who are ready to knock themselves out which usually lasts about 2 weeks and then its back to coach potatodom.There are some good reviews here of his book, but interestingly enough they are mostly by "a reader" and all around the same time frame.My suggestion would be to take a more sensible approach one step at a time that will be longer lasting.
8/15
3.0
1096848000
B0007N2IGE
Over the years I have done my share of different workout videos, David's stands out from the pack as one of the best!The reason is structure, variety and results.David's "Ultimate New York Body Plan" is a very structured program. Using the directions from his book in combination with the video, you will know how many days to do the full body workout, how many to do the upper body/core and how many to do a lower body workout. It would have been nice if directions on what to do and when to do it were included with the tape, but I guess they assume most people will buy the book also. Using the book's directions I follow the tape and workout exactly as he describes and it takes the guesswork out of how to be most effective with your workouts. The tape includes all the workouts you will need to do with the exception of cardio.David's tape offers a nice variety of exercises using a medicine ball, fitness ball, mat if desired and small hand weights. With New York as the backdrop he gives clear directions and has enough variety to keep me interested without being overwhelming.The tape offers a fitness test, preworkout (if you are not ready for the main workout) upper body/core and lower body. A cool down is included. Just pop it in and do the plan (from the book )Results..I can feel the results already and it hasn't been that long. Another nice thing is the workout is doable. Yes its intense, but with modifications you can tone it down until you are ready.Great workout!
26/26
5.0
1128297600
B0005GFQTO
The Morning Mile Plus Abs partners with The Evening Mile Plus Legs as the SUN AND MOON set. Each walk is one mile in length. However this set NEVER was released on DVD according to the folks at lesliesansone.com. Neither walk is on DVD. They are available only on VHS.The walk is a nice one. Leslie leads 6 other exercisers in one brisk mile of walking. Simple steps, marches, side steps, gentle kicks. Typical Leslie fare. At the end of the tape she leads you through 10 minutes of ab exercises.The tape is great if you are short on time or just need a quick mile!
7/10
4.0
1109635200
0517588242
After purchasing my Nespresso machine I enjoyed churning out Gingerbread lattes from an online recipe. My daughter requested a turtle latte and I decided a few fun espresso recipes would be great!So I went in search of the perfect coffee drinks book. Sadly, this was not it. This was very disappointing. The espresso section was a few brief pages AND did not really include any speciality recipes.Not a good choice for good coffee drinks.
17/19
2.0
1132358400
B00005JSG5
After comparing the pros and cons of a variety of deep fryer models. I decided to purchase the T-Fal Magiclean Deep Fryer. And I was not disappointed.Dinner on the day I purchased my T-Fal included a bounty of fried foods. From french fries, to chicken to onion rings, everything the T-Fal produced was delicious. Set up and clean up were a breeze too!After removing the warranty and instructions from the basket in the T-FAL and plugging in the machine, the T-FAL was ready to go without any other assembly. You begin by adding oil to the bowl in the unit. A line at the back of the bowl tells you how far to fill. (The line was a bit hard to see.) After filling the unit with oil, you close the lid and preheat the unit for about 15 minutes. A dial on the front of the unit allows you to select the temperature you want. A light tells you when the temperature you have selected has been reached.Then you load the mesh basket with the food you want to fry. The basket holds ample quantities. 2.2 pounds of fries. 4 or 5 pieces of boneless chicken. Serving sizes to feed a family of four, average portions.The basket gets loaded into the cooker. You close the lid and voila, you are frying! T-Fal has two makes of the Magiclean the 62870 and the 62890. The 62890 features a tiny timer on the front. You can set this for the amount of time you want to fry and it will ring when the time has elapsed.When the time has elapsed you release the handle and press the lid and you have hot, yummy fried food! The booklet that comes with the unit gives suggested cooking times for different foods.When you are finished frying, allow the oil to cool. You can then remove the non-stick bowl from the base of the unit and pour the oil into a jar. Cleaning is easy as the bowl, basket and lid are dishwasher safe!Here is a summary of features of the unit:* Electronic Timer (6289 model only)* Family size - 2.2 lbs. food capacity* Unique Magiclean system: Removable lid, frying basket andnon-stick coated pot for easier cleaning - all aredishwasher safe* Hermetically sealed locking lid - prevents dangerous spillsand odors* External integrated basket handle - safely raises or lowersbasket with lid closed* On/Off ready light - turns off when oil reaches correctfrying temperature* Advanced filtration system: replaceable cartridge withactive charcoal granules for up to 30 uses* Adjustable thermostat - select the perfect cookingtemperature for all your cooking needs* Automatic lid-opening button - opens lid without burningyour hands* Large viewing window for monitoring food while frying* Safe-to-touch exterior for total safetyThe plug is the only drawback I noted on the T-fal. Instead of fitting snugly into the back of the fryer, it sets out from the unit. The fryer cannot be put right against a wall, as it juts out due to the plug.The unit comes in one color white. The design is compact running about 12" x 9" x 14" high. A charcoal filter helps eliminate odor and the manufacturers suggest it be replaced after 30 uses. The company also sells paper filters to drain the oil so you can reuse it. I find it less expensive and easier to use cheesecloth. I drain the oil into mason jars.If you want to enjoy fried food at home this easy to use unit will make frying food a pleasure with delicious results!
60/64
4.0
1039046400
B000PCB1QA
This is Atkins pocketsized Carbohydrate Gram Counter updated and expanded.For each food item listed carbs, fiber, net carbs, protein, fat and calories are included. A nice difference between this and the older version of the book is the inclusion of net carbs.The net carb of a food is the impact it will make on your body. These are the only carbs you need to count because they exclude carbohydrates and sugar alcohols.The mini book begins with an introduction that explains the science behind why it's carbohydrates we need to be concerned with not fat. Then the book gives a very basic overview of the Atkins plan. One page also gives portion size guidelines. Really handy. For example 2T peanut butter is about the size of 2 teabags.The rest of the book is devoted to food and beverage counts. Though the book is not as comprehensive as a larger book such as Corrine Netzger's Book of Food Counts it covers quite a few foods.If you are only purchasing one guide, I would purchase a larger one as it is more comprehensive. But its really helpful to have this little book in your purse, pocket or car for quick checks of what you are eating.The small size makes it easy to tote. The back of the book gives tips for dining out and has a small list of popular restaurants and the counts for their food items.I liked the book so well, I purchased two. One for my purse and the other for quick checks on the kitchen counter!
17/19
5.0
1043712000
0312315228
As many people know, losing weight is often times easier than keeping it off. Atkins addresses this issue in his latest book, "Atkins For Life".The book "Atkins for Life" is an excellent resource book. It is filled with practical advice and tips on how to make your low carbohydrate weight loss a permanent success.Over the years Atkins name has been maligned and sneered at as he pioneered the idea that its not the fat in our diet that makes us fat its the excessive amounts of carbohydrates we have been consuming. The low fat diet was presented to Americans as the best way and the healthiest way to lose weight. However, recent research has revealed the low fat diet to be a miserable failure. As the fat has been taken out of the diet carbohydrates have been added in their place and many Americans have become obese and unhealthy. Dr. Atkin's proposal that eating less carbs can lead to weight loss and better health has been vindicated.The Atkins weight loss method is a 4 step approach. Phase 1 INDUCTION is where you limit your carbs to 20 grams per day to jump start your weight loss program. Phase 2 OWL or ONGOING WEIGHT LOSS allows you to slowly add back carbs until you discover the amount of carbs you can eat and still lose weight.Phase 3 PRE-MAINTENANCE has you slow your weight loss by adding in more carbs so good eating habits become ingrained. And in Phase 4 LIFETIME MAINTENANCE you learn to enjoy a wider variety of foods and maintain your weight loss. This book "Atkins for Life" discusses each of the phases but is mainly concerned with Phase 4 LIFETIME MAINTENANCE.You can learn what to do to lose weight with this book, but for in depth information, you would be better off selecting "Dr. Atkins New Diet Revolution".This book covers in great detail how to maintain the weight you have lost. Part One: A Lifetime Plan recaps the Atkins program. It includes information on the diet, the effect on your body, putting it into practice and how to benefit from exercise. Part Two: Eating for Life teaches you how to get your kitchen in order, and gives thirty meal plans with carb counts. It includes twenty meal plans for special occasions. 125 recipes for success are also given.YES you can eat carbohydrates. You can have bread, cake and pizza or even wine. The key of course is knowing how many carbohydrates your body can handle each day without gaining weight. And using techniques to get the most bang from your carbohydrate buck. These techniques are taught in the book. For example if you crave bread Atkins has several pages of information to help you make the best selection. Breads are ranked on their ability to effect your insulin levels. There are also tips on how to enjoy bread without overdoing it such as eating the crust only. Atkins shares techniques like this for a variety of foods.Comfort foods are a big issue for many. Atkins tells you what to choose or what to substitute. Eating out is another area covered. Best choices at different restaurants is given in detail. Atkins also includes mental tips to help you avoid backsliding.Key to the book is the detailed menu plans given for 4 ranges of carb levels at 45g, 60g, 80g and 100g . Just adjust up or down so you are at your level (which you learn from his diet). Meal plans are simple and include snacks. A sample day for a 60 g plan would include 1 slice lemon zucchini bread, with an egg and ricotta cheese for breakfast. Meat loaf with whole-grain bread and salad for lunch.Jerk shrimp with pasta or collard greens for dinner and 1/2 cup of cantaloupe for a snack. Carb counts are given so you can substitute as desired.Crab Deviled Eggs, Cherry Muffins, Mixed Berry Shortcakes, Pinwheel Cookies, Roasted Chicken and Feta Cheese Wrap, Chocolate Souffle and Southwestern Style Pork Fajitas are among the 125 recipes. Recipes include nutritional information, but are not pictured.The 370 page book also includes self tests and quizzes to help you stay on task. My favorite part of "Atkins For Life" has to be the success stories. There are a number of remarkable stories in the book with black and white photos included! Very inspiring!The book "Atkins For Life" makes living a low carb life in our high carb world easier and enjoyable! I highly recommend it!
327/339
5.0
1043452800
0312315228
As many people know, losing weight is often times easier than keeping it off. Atkins addresses this issue in his latest book, &quot;Atkins For Life&quot;.The book &quot;Atkins for Life&quot; is an excellent resource book. It is filled with practical advice and tips on how to make your low carbohydrate weight loss a permanent success.Over the years Atkins name has been maligned and sneered at as he pioneered the idea that its not the fat in our diet that makes us fat its the excessive amounts of carbohydrates we have been consuming. The low fat diet was presented to Americans as the best way and the healthiest way to lose weight. However, recent research has revealed the low fat diet to be a miserable failure. As the fat has been taken out of the diet carbohydrates have been added in their place and many Americans have become obese and unhealthy. Dr. Atkin's proposal that eating less carbs can lead to weight loss and better health has been vindicated.The Atkins weight loss method is a 4 step approach. Phase 1 INDUCTION is where you limit your carbs to 20 grams per day to jump start your weight loss program. Phase 2 OWL or ONGOING WEIGHT LOSS allows you to slowly add back carbs until you discover the amount of carbs you can eat and still lose weight.Phase 3 PRE-MAINTENANCE has you slow your weight loss by adding in more carbs so good eating habits become ingrained. And in Phase 4 LIFETIME MAINTENANCE you learn to enjoy a wider variety of foods and maintain your weight loss. This book &quot;Atkins for Life&quot; discusses each of the phases but is mainly concerned with Phase 4 LIFETIME MAINTENANCE.You can learn what to do to lose weight with this book, but for in depth information, you would be better off selecting &quot;Dr. Atkins New Diet Revolution&quot;.This book covers in great detail how to maintain the weight you have lost. Part One: A Lifetime Plan recaps the Atkins program. It includes information on the diet, the effect on your body, putting it into practice and how to benefit from exercise. Part Two: Eating for Life teaches you how to get your kitchen in order, and gives thirty meal plans with carb counts. It includes twenty meal plans for special occasions. 125 recipes for success are also given.YES you can eat carbohydrates. You can have bread, cake and pizza or even wine. The key of course is knowing how many carbohydrates your body can handle each day without gaining weight. And using techniques to get the most bang from your carbohydrate buck. These techniques are taught in the book. For example if you crave bread Atkins has several pages of information to help you make the best selection. Breads are ranked on their ability to effect your insulin levels. There are also tips on how to enjoy bread without overdoing it such as eating the crust only. Atkins shares techniques like this for a variety of foods.Comfort foods are a big issue for many. Atkins tells you what to choose or what to substitute. Eating out is another area covered. Best choices at different restaurants is given in detail. Atkins also includes mental tips to help you avoid backsliding.Key to the book is the detailed menu plans given for 4 ranges of carb levels at 45g, 60g, 80g and 100g . Just adjust up or down so you are at your level (which you learn from his diet). Meal plans are simple and include snacks. A sample day for a 60 g plan would include 1 slice lemon zucchini bread, with an egg and ricotta cheese for breakfast. Meat loaf with whole-grain bread and salad for lunch.Jerk shrimp with pasta or collard greens for dinner and 1/2 cup of cantaloupe for a snack. Carb counts are given so you can substitute as desired.Crab Deviled Eggs, Cherry Muffins, Mixed Berry Shortcakes, Pinwheel Cookies, Roasted Chicken and Feta Cheese Wrap, Chocolate Souffle and Southwestern Style Pork Fajitas are among the 125 recipes. Recipes include nutritional information, but are not pictured.The 370 page book also includes self tests and quizzes to help you stay on task. My favorite part of &quot;Atkins For Life&quot; has to be the success stories. There are a number of remarkable stories in the book with black and white photos included! Very inspiring!The book &quot;Atkins For Life&quot; makes living a low carb life in our high carb world easier and enjoyable! I highly recommend it!
22/25
5.0
1059955200
B000GH3J50
Ever dived into a chocolate cake after a stressful day at the office? Had your way with a bag of chips after fighting with the kids? Stuffed down more than your share of greasy fried food when you were feeling low?Many of us are stress overeaters. And there are a number of books on the market that mention how we have emotional roadblocks that keep us from becoming slim. But few of these books discuss this issue in the depth that &quot;Calm Energy&quot; does.And few give helpful solutions.The author Robert Thayer Ph.D describes in detail how when we are feeling tense, tired, or depressed we often turn to high fat sugary foods. Citing a number of studies Thayer explains why we do this.Then Thayer explains simple solutions. According to Thayer, &quot;exercise is the single best way of coping with the tension and fatigue that inevitably result from stress.&quot; He describes simple techniques you can do when your urge to eat, what you don't need seems to overwhelm your body. A brisk 5 minute walk is one idea.One paragraph in the book made a huge impact. Thayer recounts how a taxicab driver was very calm despite bad traffic, radio calls etc. The driver used worrybeads to release tension. According to Thayer small systemic movements like moving beads or squeezing soft rubbery objects can help relax your body.I quickly hijacked my 14 year olds stringed bead bracelet and by manipulating the beads slowly released some stress and managed to avoid a trip to the kitchen to gobble up some goodies I didn't need! Simple, effective technique that I will use more often.Overall an excellent look at the mood food connection with super tips on what you can do to destress and become healthier.
43/43
5.0
1077062400
1575662833
Nikki's &quot;Star&quot; diet is approximately 900 calories. Thats not enough for a healthy individual to consume. She also says no to fats like nuts. A few nuts now and again may be fatty but fat provides satiation and nuts provide the &quot;good&quot; fat our body needs. This is not a healthy diet for anyone and I would think that those who did manage to follow it would regain quickly any weight that they lost. Thumbs down on this book!
9/11
1.0
936662400
0743223535
The French are know for enjoying the good life. &quot;Joie de Vivre&quot; by Robert Arbor and Katherine Whiteside shares the traditions for stylish living the French way.Arbor and Whiteside walk you through a typical French day. You begin with Le Matin (The Morning). You will learn the secret to great coffee, hot chocolate and making a breakfast tartine from French bread. In Le Dejeuner (Lunchtime) and Le Diner (Supper) you experience the pleasure of relaxing with friends over several courses of food. Each course is explained and some recipes are included.To enjoy the finest foods the way the French do, Joie de Vivre takes you to the butcher, the market, and the baker where you learn to select the freshest cuts of meat and select amongst a variety of breads and cheeses. You also learn how to organize your kitchen so you have the tools and pantry items you need to create tasty dishes.And there is so much more covered in this book. Why French butter tastes so good. The proper way to cut cheese. Notes on chocolate. Aperitif suggestions. The rewards of Le Potager (The Garden). Dinner party and picnic ideas and more! You get the feel and flavor of what makes the French way of life so pleasurable and how you can implement these ideas in your own life.After reading the book, you may feel like you have spent a weekend in the French countryside! A wonderful read and resource.
32/32
5.0
1051833600
0061093947
I love this little book! The message is simple. Less is more! If you can pare down your wardrobe to figure flattering pieces that blend with the rest of your garments you will have an easy workable wardrobe. The authors suggest you shop your closet, not the stores. Which would you rather have a rack crammed full of mismatched clothes, or an orderly small selection of easy to find items that look GREAT on you! The authors give tips on how to pare down and make your clothes work for you! By following the suggestions given you will organize your closets, spend less money, and look better. They also give tips on caring for your clothes. The style of the book is easy and breezy. And its pocketsized, easy to tote in your bag. I love the authors sense of humor too. It can be hard to simplify even for the authors. I read in Vogue that one of the authors Amy Fine Collins had an incredibly vast shoe collection. So &quot;Simple Isn't Easy&quot; for most of us! But reading and rereading this book can help!
29/29
5.0
958089600
B000BNYIWM
I like the idea of having a cup of espresso in the afternoon, but my Krups espresso maker was a pain. Messy, hard to use and with marginal results. I decided to look for a high quality coffee maker/espresso maker combination but the salesclerk steered me to the Nespresso and recommended buying this machine and a separate coffee maker (which was less than buying the pricey machine I was considering).The demonstration won me over. The machine is so easy to use. You touch a button to turn it on, fill the 34oz capacity water bottle to the desired level and pop it in the back. Put the coffee filled capsule of your choice in the machine. Next push the button and your cup begins to fill with coffee. Push the button again to stop the flow at the strength you like. The espresso that results has a crema on the top from the pressure of how it is made. Simply delicious!Clean up is easy. Just pull out the bottom and discard the tiny tin that held the coffee..No mess, no fuss. The machine holds about 14 empties so you don't have to do it often.The design is sleek and small and easily fits in a tiny amount of space. I purchased the C90 in metallic silver which works exactly like the D90 with a slightly different design.There are two potential drawbacks to the machine. This model does not have a frother. However, my experience with attached frothers has not been a good one so instead of paying an additional $150 for the frothing model, I picked up a Bonjour frother for $20. I can froth milk easily and warm it in the microwave if desired.The other drawback is the coffee capsules must be purchased through the Nespresso company. I have not ordered yet but understand a sleeve of 10 capsules runs close to $5.00. The company sells a variety of strengths including decaf.Today I made my daughter a gingerbread latte. This is something I normally would have had to pay a few dollars for at a specialty coffee house. To make the latte I put two tablespoons of gingerbread syrup in a cup. Then added two ounces of espresso made with my C90. I stirred in 1/2 cup of warm milk, topped with a dollop of whipped cream and sprinkled on cinnamon and nutmeg. Delicious!Great little espresso maker!
4/5
5.0
1130716800
B000BNYIWC
I like the idea of having a cup of espresso in the afternoon, but my Krups espresso maker was a pain. Messy, hard to use and with marginal results. I decided to look for a high quality coffee maker/espresso maker combination but the salesclerk steered me to the Nespresso and recommended buying this machine and a separate coffee maker (which was less than buying the pricey machine I was considering).The demonstration won me over. The machine is so easy to use. You touch a button to turn it on, fill the 34oz capacity water bottle to the desired level and pop it in the back. Put the coffee filled capsule of your choice in the machine. Next push the button and your cup begins to fill with coffee. Push the button again to stop the flow at the strength you like. The espresso that results has a crema on the top from the pressure of how it is made. Simply delicious!Clean up is easy. Just pull out the bottom and discard the tiny tin that held the coffee..No mess, no fuss. The machine holds about 14 empties so you don't have to do it often.The design is sleek and small and easily fits in a tiny amount of space. I purchased the metallic silver C90 which is a very attractive color. The D90 works exactly the same with a slightly different design.There are two potential drawbacks to the machine. This model does not have a frother. However, my experience with attached frothers has not been a good one so instead of paying an additional $150 for the frothing model, I picked up a Bonjour frother for $20. I can froth milk easily and warm it in the microwave if desired.The other drawback is the coffee capsules must be purchased through the Nespresso company. I have not ordered yet but understand a sleeve of 10 capsules runs close to $5.00. The company sells a variety of strengths including decaf.Today I made my daughter a gingerbread latte. This is something I normally would have had to pay a few dollars for at a specialty coffee house. To make the latte I put two tablespoons of gingerbread syrup in a cup. Then added two ounces of espresso made with my C90. I stirred in 1/2 cup of warm milk, topped with a dollop of whipped cream and sprinkled on cinnamon and nutmeg. Delicious!Great little espresso maker!
7/7
5.0
1130803200
B00008US5R
Lately there have been a number of shows on TV regarding Las Vegas - the hotels, food, shows, shopping --- gambling! After viewing them I thought it would be fun to visit. Naturally I would want to try my hand at gambling, but certainly don't want to lose my shirt!With that in mind I ordered "IGT Slots and Multiplay Video Poker". Since slots are pure luck I decided to focus on the video poker. With video poker you can increase your chances through making the correct card decisions. The software loaded quickly and I selected the game "Jacks or Better" to train on.The game is neat because not only can you play as if you were in a casino but you can also make card choices and the system will give you a score based on what an expert would do. If your choice is not the best you can look to see where you made your mistakes. The sounds and graphics are excellent. Grab a beer or glass of wine and you created your own private casino (without the cash of course).By the end of the first day I was playing a game that I had never heard of before with 92% accuracy! I felt like I could handle the real deal in a casino.The software includes 50 of the best slot machines like Wild Cherry, Hot Peppers, Haywire and Five Times Pay. Many video poker games such as Joker Poker, Bonus and Double Bonus. Blackjack and Spanish 21 are also included.The instructions were good but as a complete novice there was some terminololgy I was unclear on and hence had to do a quickie internet search. But overall I feel its very good training!So next time you are in Vegas and someone hits a Royal Flush at Jacks or Better hopefully it will be me. Even if I dont hit at least I won't feel like a total rube thanks to training with "IGT Slots and Multiplay Video Poker" AND my tight hand on how much I am willing to lose!
17/17
5.0
1100044800
B00009EHJV
My daughter is an aspiring pop singer. Neither of us has alot of tech ability. We wanted something simple to use so we could record her singing on the computer. After viewing several options we decided to purchase the Logitech.The mic arrived assembled in its package. All we had to do was figure out how to plug it in the computers USB port. Next we followed the booklets instructions to go to sound recorder in programs and click the record button. Easy enough since it clearly described where to find this in the instruction booklet. She sang a snippet and the book says if you press play and hear your voice it works (yes the book actually says this).Well we clicked play and heard her voice - crystal clear. Very simple!The microphone looks odd in the picture, but its actually very sleek. Its shaped like a noodle and about 9 inches tall. Its very slim. Because it pivots forwards and backwards on the base its easy to adjust. The base has a button to turn it on and off. My daughter is used to a traditional mic but she enjoyed this one.Great little mic for the money!
184/203
5.0
1098144000
0967137454
Always interested in getting organized and simplifying life I started my calender search early this year.I am so glad I did, because I found Amy Knapp's family organizer and it starts with September 2003 and runs through the end of December 2004.The calender is spiral bound, so when you open it, it will lie flat or you can fold it to write on it easily. It measures 8 and 1/2 inches high by 6 and 1/2 inches wide. The first page has a space for personal information, emergency and school phone numbers.Another page shows the months of 2004 on one page.The book opens to display two pages. On the left page is a space to write in groceries. And a large TO DO list. On the right page is one week of the month beginning with Monday with a space to write in notes. Next to the days of the week are a few lines to write in your menu choice for the day. Both the menu and grocery list areas are perforated so you can pull them out and take them to the store with you.The back of the book features a full month at a glance calender with space to write in activities and projects. A planning calender, several pages for notes, babysitter information and a space for addresses.I have found that planning simple meals a week in advance is one of the best ways I can save money (by not going out to dinner) and feed my family a healthy meal. In the past I used a separate notebook to write down a weeks worth of easy meals and another sheet to record the groceries I need to buy. With this planner, organizing will be a snap. (I also highly recommend &quot;Fix It and Forget It Feasting From Your Crockpot&quot; to further simplify meals.)Making a TO DO List is anther way I can accomplish my goals. This book will remind me to do that daily and there is plenty of space to write notes.Amy Knapp's Family Organizer is a winning tool to help make life simpler!
14/14
5.0
1061510400
0967137489
Amy Knapp's Family Organizer made life so much easier last year that naturally I picked up the 2005 version.The calender is spiral bound approximately 8" and 1/2" by 6 ". The first page includes space for personal information, school and emergency numbers. There is a 2 page section with the months at glance.The bulk of the book includes day by day pages for each month to record notes and "to do's". Next to each is an easy tear page where you can write menus and a grocery list. There is also a month at a glance right before each month's day to day pages. (This is different from the 2004 calender which had all of the months at a glance at the end of the book). The 2005 edition starts with July 2004 and ends in December 2005.The organizer also includes stickers to indicate events like birthdays, or no school days and there are a number of pages at the back to jot down phone numbers.This years calender is printed in a duller green than last year. (I preferred the crispness of last years green). It also would be great if it had tabs for the different months.Overall though, the book is fantastic. So simple but includes so much of what you need to stay organized without feeling overwhelmed with spaces for other things.I generally plan menus a week in advance noting the meals on the menu section of the planner. I then write in grocery items I will need, to prepare those meals on the grocery list on the opposite side. Tear it out, and off to the store with my list..saves me time and money as I don't buy what I don't need and I have my menu planned for the week, PLUS my family eats healthier meals as they are planned in advance (no trips for fast food because mom doesn't know what to make).I also like to write in my fitness goals in the notes pages at the back of the book. Each day,in the month at a glance section, I record my physical activity ie walked 3 miles, played tennis etc. Its great to look at each month and see what I have accomplished.The day by day section tracks my appointments and other activities.A super calender to keep you and your family organized!Lee Mellott
7/8
5.0
1092873600
0743229169
Debra Puglisi was enjoying a lovely day of gardening when her life was torn apart. A man who had previously been convicted of crimes against women was on the prowl looking for his next victim.Debra, had left her door unlocked while she worked outside. While the unsuspecting Debra toiled in the garden, the man entered her home and shot her husband. When Debra walked inside. He grabbed her, raped and then abducted her.Through sheer will, determination and careful thinking, Debra managed to stay alive through days of rape and humiliation.She managed to break lose from her bondage and call the police. Once free she had to work her way through her emotional guilt.Debra's story is one of bravery and courage. A gripping read and sadly a true one.
7/9
5.0
1068508800
B000E1KPQO
Kirstie's book is not a long one but it is hllarious. I was laughing so hard, I had tears in my eyes and books rarely make me laugh.In this book Kirstie shares little episodes of her life. They range from a bedroom romp with a well known actor from the movie "Animal House" where she makes a mad dash out the window when his fiancee shows up to telling the kids she can't attend a Hollywood event due to a sinus infection when in actuality she doesn't want to see her full bottom displayed in the pages of the tabloids.Kirsties shares some very personal experiences from things you want to know like info on her family life to things you wish you didn't know like her grabbing a pampers to use when she couldn't make it to the bathroom on time.She talks about her thoughts on fat, a bit about Scientology and throws in that maybe she and John Travolta shoulda hooked up.All in all, she doesn't really say alot but what she says in this slim volume makes for a funny read. A good, quick page turner.
7/9
4.0
1123027200
B000E1KPT6
&quot;The Southbeach Diet Cookbook&quot; was written to provide a number of recipes to complement the original &quot;The Southbeach Diet&quot; book.The cookbook opens with an overview of the diet program. It describes the diet though not in the detail of the original book. It explains what you need to do to get your fridge and pantry 'southbeach' friendly. It explains what is allowed in terms of diary, meat, oils, pasta, snacks, beverages and more.Next the book has a question/answer session with Dr. Agatston. In this section he updates some of the information from the original book (milk and yogurt are now allowed in phase 1 for example) and he gets into more detailed regarding different types of food.Then comes the core of the book. The recipe categories include breakfasts, appetiziers and snacks, soups, salads, side dishes and accompaniments, fish shellfish and poultry, meats, vegetarian entrees and desserts. Each recipe indicates what phase it is appropriate for and many of the recipes are pictured in mouthwatering photographs!Sample recipes include Vegetable Salad with Feta, Homestyle Green Bean Casserole, Pan Seared Pecan Grouper, Whole Wheat Vegetable Lasagna, and Apple and Almond Souffle. Over 200 recipes.One very nice feature is the inclusion of recipes so you can make many of your own condiments. Unfortunately ketchup, barbeque sauce and many other &quot;toppers&quot; are laden with high fructose corn syrup. So Dr. Agatston includes the details on how you can make your own.Overall the quality of recipes is very good. The one negative I have is the total avoidance of sugar and reliance on sugar substitutes. I would rather use real sugar in moderation than sugar substitutes like aspartame. He has a recipe for strawberries with velvety chocolate dip and suggests you use sugar free chocolate syrup. Instead why not use a high quality cocoa bar and melt it down. This is healthier than the faux sugars like malitol,which are in sugar free products and so much more satisfying.Dr. Agatston has some wonderful recipes in this book from top chefs and restaurants and they are worth buying the book for. But many of the desserts with the fake sugars and fat free sour cream fall flat. Moderation is key. Use the real deal in a tiny quantity like the French do.
43/43
4.0
1082419200
B000E1KPUU
NOTE: This review is for Denise Austin's DVD Shrink Your Female Fat Zones - a companion to the book.Denise Austin's "Shrink Your Female Fat Zones" is an effective tape that can be split into two 20 minute sessions or one 40 minute workout.Women are often told that to prevent bone loss, we should workout with weights, but many tapes on the market are overwhelming. They use very heavy weights, are very long, lack clear directions or are just plain boring.Denise's tape gives you a simple workout that you can do 3-4 times a week to build strength, preserve bone density and get toned.The first section is a simple 20 minute light weight routine. You will do a few pushups, lat rows, light ab work, bicep work etc. Very simple. No jumping around. Clear direction. The second session adds in the balance ball. The ball is not included in the tape but is sold by places like Wal-mart for under $20.00. With the ball you work your core, legs and more.Pick one or both workouts depending on your mood and needs.The setting is a studio with a calm background, one that will not date in the future. Denise leads the exercises with a small group of exercisers behind her, following her directions. It would have been nice if Denise had included some older exercisers, but she didnt. The music is relaxing. Though Denise is her usual chatty self she is not overbearing. Denise uses the same set of weights throughout the workout which could be a drawback for those who like to vary their weights as there is not a lot of time to change poundage.My goal is not to be a fitness buff, but to be healthy, strong and slender. I don't want to kill myself working out but recognize that in addition to aerobic activity (which this tape is not) I need weight bearing activity. This tape is just the perfect fit for my needs.
6/10
5.0
1105315200
B00001QEAI
I was looking for an easy to use camera to post pictures on theinternet. I asked an online community and many folks recommended theMavica. After researching it along with other cameras I decided to purchase the Sony Mavica 83. It's wonderful! Pictures are sharp, and it scores high marks in ease of use. The camera comes with a lens cap, shoulder strap, battery, battery charger and an AV connecting cable. Easy to use software to &quot;tweak&quot; your pictures is also included. The banana colored floppy disk pictured on the box is not included. I did feel the instruction booklet could have been simplified more. The information on how to operate different features was not always clear. Despite this I was posting pictures within a few hours of purchasing the camera. The camera also offers a short video feature which my children love using! You can also change the tone of your picture from a normal setting to sepia tones, black and white etc with the click of a button! Its wonderful! I feel I can produce nice pictures easily, edit and post them quickly with this camera!
15/15
5.0
957657600
B000GPIL96
When Jennifer Saginor was a small child her father and mother split up. Mom ended up with Jennifer's sister and Jennifer with her dad. Dad, a doctor who is also known as "Dr. Feelgood" due to his ability to provide the drugs that help others feel no pain, spends a good deal of his time hanging out with Hef and the playmates at the Playboy mansion.Young Jennifer eager to please dad becomes an expert at rating the mostly young, mostly blonde, toned females that decorate Hugh Hefner's estate. She is exposed to naked ladies on the lawn, pornographic materials,drugs and booze and a dad who parties way too hard and thinks nothing of walking around naked or sleeping in bed with her. (Though she does not elaborate too much on her dad's sleeping in the same bed or exposing himself, one wonders if there are some things she is not revealing).As she grows up, she finds that she is popular due to her ability to share the "fast life" with her friends. She also has an internal loneliness from seeing too much too soon.The book is an interesting read, though shorter than what I would like. Another good look at the Playboy Mansion is Jill Ann Spaulding's Upstairs (where Ms. Spaulding reveals what it really takes to become a playmate - sleeping with Hef included).
5/8
4.0
1124150400
B00009YXET
Denise Austin's "Shrink Your Female Fat Zones" is an effective tape that can be split into two 20 minute sessions or one 40 minute workout.Women are often told that to prevent bone loss, we should workout with weights, but many tapes on the market are overwhelming. They use very heavy weights, are very long, lack clear directions or are just plain boring.Denise's tape gives you a simple workout that you can do 3-4 times a week to build strength, preserve bone density and get toned.The first section is a simple 20 minute light weight routine. You will do a few pushups, lat rows, light ab work, bicep work etc. Very simple. No jumping around. Clear direction. The second session adds in the balance ball. The ball is not included in the tape but is sold by places like Wal-mart for under $20.00. With the ball you work your core, legs and more.Pick one or both workouts depending on your mood and needs.The setting is a studio with a calm background, one that will not date in the future. Denise leads the exercises with a small group of exercisers behind her, following her directions. It would have been nice if Denise had included some older exercisers, but she didnt. The music is relaxing. Though Denise is her usual chatty self she is not overbearing. Denise uses the same set of weights throughout the workout which could be a drawback for those who like to vary their weights as there is not a lot of time to change poundage.My goal is not to be a fitness buff, but to be healthy, strong and slender. I don't want to kill myself working out but recognize that in addition to aerobic activity (which this tape is not) I need weight bearing activity. This tape is just the perfect fit for my needs.
300/308
5.0
1107043200
0307335879
There are plenty of kick a** boot camp books on the market. How to lose 10 pounds in a weekend, get your body for life in a few weeks etc. Ellie Krieger's book "Small Changes Big Results" is a refreshing change. Ellie's approach is a gentle one. You will over the course of 12 weeks baby step your way to a better body and healthier life.Krieger who holds an MS in nutrition from prestigious Columbia University walks you through a simple program of change. Each week you will add on tasks that focus on 3 areas: eating well, moving your body and living well. Ms. Krieger gives you simple, very doable tasks for each. As you progress through the program you will feel better, slim down, and become healthier and you won't be killing yourself in the process!The first component is the eating plan. Instead of a diet, Ellie instructs you on what to eat to encourage a slim body. Different weeks will find you filling your pantry with healthy foods, learning about grains, understanding hunger, getting the skinny on fats and more. For fitness you will add on walking (starting with a simple 20 minute 3X a week walk) and progress to strength training, stretching etc. The third component is all about feeling well. So many "diet" books neglect this essential tool to achieving a healthy slim body. Here Ellie will give you ideas to make your life more enjoyable from managing your time, to sleeping better to the power of play. I was delighted to see that Ellie even includes a section on clearing clutter. It's amazing how conquering your clutter can lead to better feelings about oneself and yes ultimately a thinner you!Ms. Kreiger includes very simple delicious recipes like minestrone soup, lemon pepper chicken and banana-peanut butter smoothie.The appendix includes a wealth of valuable information also. She explains how much of each food group you should eat in order to consume your caloric needs. She gives a list of sometimes, rarely and usually foods. She has included suggested supplementation. sample weeks of healthy eating and much more.A list of resources and index rounds out the back of the book.What I really love about this book is its doability. It's babystepping your way to a healthy body. It makes becoming slimmer and healthier a pleasure and easy. You work with your body to achieve your goals. Small changes do equal big results!
100/102
5.0
1112486400
1592400361
This is a super book, choc o'block with information. The hard decision is not if you should buy it, but which cover you should get. The book comes with several different covers. I hate to admit I stood at the bookstore debating if I wanted the copy with the classic red pocketbook or the trendier camel colored Marc Jacobs bag! Order from Amazon and let them decide for you.Inside the book you will find scads of information to help you look great. The authors will show you how just a little tweaking can result in a totally different look. What to look for in fit. How to make your pieces work from one season to the next. And the little details that make a good outfit an exceptional one.The book also includes examples of everyday women and the types of garments they choose and why. It's inspiring to see the special wardrobe favorites of others. Lovely Shoshanna Lonstein shows off her curvy figure and shares what clothing looks best on her. Pictures are shown of her favorites including her fabulous Prada mules, cashmere sweaters and gold vintage bag. Makes me realize why and how much I enjoy the staples in my own closet.Sample chapters include, sweaters, swimwear, undergarments and shoes. What to pack for a 3 day trip, streamline your closet, classics to collect, 20 great pieces worth the expense and more.The back of the book also includes a page of &quot;Lucky Breaks&quot;. These are coupons for discounts at benefit, underglam, bluefly. urban outfitters and nine west. Better hurry up though they expire December 31, 2003. (Not sure if future printings will update these).Great fashion resource!
112/119
5.0
1071187200
B0000DE3JP
I love ease in the kitchen so decided to invest in this little egg cooker. It's not very big and it cooked my eggs perfectly but ....The first time I used the cooker the steam "steamed" off the name on the front of the cooker. I called the company, and complained. Customer service said it was just an inexpensive little cooker and it didn't effect its operation. He was right. But I bought a new one and I expected it to look new. He reluctantly agreed to send a replacement part.To use the cooker you fill the bottom with water using a provided cylinder and add eggs. Very simple and the eggs came out beautifully each time. This cooker has the ability to produce 6 eggs, or 2 poached eggs or mini omlettes.The drawback is once the eggs are cooked there is no built in holder to remove them and put them under cold water as there is with other cookers and the way it falls apart easily.After about 2 years of use (once every 2 weeks) the plastic egg holder broker, the base looked very used and the name was steamed off.I would recommend selecting another brand.
3/4
3.0
1101686400
B000063S6F
Last year a group of us ended up in a strip club on Burbon Street in New Orleans. I admit I was uncomfortable but at the same time I was impressed by the relaxed sensual movements of the dancers. When I saw a DVD was available on exotic dancing I couldn't resist buying it to see if I too could learn the moves."The Art of Exotic Dancing" is a great idea! To teach women how to get in touch with their sensuality through exotic dancing. That is what this DVD sets out to do. And it succeeds to some extant but could be better.In the DVD a 40 something grandmother/exotic dancer shows a group of women how to move sensually. The students then try the move, translating it with their body. Everyone will do it a little differently.The moves are easy to learn. There are a just a few of them including hip rolls and walking. Though the movements are simple you realize how just a little different motion in your ocean can make your body so much more appealing.This is not an exercise workout. You will not feel the burn or get an aerobic workout. You will simply learn how to walk and move your body in a sexier fashion.Personally I did not feel the movements went into enough depth. More movements would have been better. Despite that the few movements taught were interesting.The biggest drawback to the DVD in my opinion was the clothing worn. The leader who has a very shapely body, wears a white grandma bra when she demonstrates some of the moves and an unflattering hankerchief top for other moves. For one scene she wears an ugly oversized man's shirt. Now come on..seduction can include what you wear. A crisp white mans shirt, a sexy top does not have to be sleezy to inspire. I must say that the one gal in Burbon Street "Rain" who got me thinking about how I moved wore a black, mesh top with minute sized flowers on it. Paired with 10 inch heels of course. She was very cute and not sleezy at all.Bottomline the video gets a few good points for teaching sensuous moves but I have to deduct several stars because just some simple things, more moves and better clothing would have made it so much better.
68/73
3.0
1073347200
B00011SOUQ
I have to admit, I felt uncomfortable with some of the chapters in this book. Why? Because Mama Gena discusses intimate details about sexuality. She covers topics I normally don't read about.Thus it was sort of a shock to read her thoughts and how comfortable she is being a blatantly sexual person.But I decided to open my mind to what Mama Gena shares in her book and I must say she has changed my outlook on life!The goal of the book is to teach women to celebrate their gloriousness. She believes that many of us have let pleasure slip away. But we can become magnets with the power to attract good things by becoming attuned to our sensuality.Mama Gena (Regena Thomashauer) feels women are Goddesses and should be treated as such. What do you enjoy? Do it. Of course there are many self-help books that support trying to discover your dreams. But Mama lends a new twist. She teaches you how to become attuned to your mystical and creative powers, to be fully in touch with your sensuality so you can be transformed into a glowing Goddess. As a woman pleasure is your birthright!Buy yourself gifts, brag, flirt. Too much time in our lifes is spent focusing on what is wrong with ourselves according to Mama. Within the pages of her book are exercises, and inspiration to help you fufill your potential.I read about Mama Gena in a popular woman's magazine. Apparently taking a course with her runs in the hundreds of dollars. But women report remarkable results, promotions, new beaus, weight loss and more.Now you can fully enhance your feminity and claim the pleasure you deserve for the small price of the book!
97/107
5.0
1019865600
0897934490
Jim Johnson a physical therapist has done extensive research to find what does and does not work for weight loss. He recaps his findings in this book, "The No-Beach, No-Zone, No-Nonsense Weight Loss Plan: A Pocket Guide to What Works".Using the studies Jim explains that bottomline weight loss is dependent on calories consumed and exercise helps. To lose weight you simply eat less and your body will gradually use up it's fat stores. Jim clearly explains how to figure out your caloric needs, basal energy expenditure, the truth about cellulite (yep you can be skinny with cellulite)and more.One big surprise was Jim's information on exercise. According to the studies Jim used, overweight women who exercise do not lose weight by exercising alone. In one study Jim shares a group of overweight women walked for 45 minutes 5 days a week and did not lose weight. This doesn't seem right to me. If you weigh around 155 you will burn about 250 calories in a brisk 30 minute walk. If calories are the bottomline in weight loss as Jim says, then you would lose weight - about 26 pounds a year. I also know women who have lost weight just by walking (albeit slowly) so I do have to question Jim on this one.What Jim does do is point to the facts that regardless of the type of diet you are on ...weight loss will result if calories in are lower that what you had been consuming.Another area of concern is Jim's comment that one day he stumbled across the "National Weight Control Registry". Most people in the weight loss arena are fully aware of this organization which tracks winners at weight loss. Jim's lack of knowledge of this makes me realize that though he may have written the book to help others he may not have a solid grounding in the weight loss arena. Which leads me to ask what studies he missed that may contradict some of his work.Jim has an easy breezy writing style, and is very clear in his explanations.His book is a good primer for weight loss. Though the 138 page paperback is slim it contains a wealth of information. You will learn how to figure out if you are fat, how many calories you need to consume to stay fat or lose weight, how to count calories, how to fit in exercise without doing it formally, and more. Most importantly you will learn that regardless of what you do, The Zone, The South Beach, The Apple Diet, Weight Watchers etc. If you are losing its cus you are eating fewer calories!One good inclusion is how to get motivated. As Jim says most of us do know what to do, but don't do it. Jim has good suggestions on how to rethink things so you are motivated.All in all a good little resource if you need some help figuring out weight loss basics. And an excellent book to read if you are confused by the conflicting information on the market today.
73/79
4.0
1111795200
B000FNW9J2
The Eades have been promoting a low carb lifestyle for many years. They have authored a number of books including Protein Power and The Protein Power LifePlan.In their latest book, &quot;The 30 Day Low-Carb Diet Solution&quot;, the Eades have simplified low carb living. They give easy to understand explanations as to why low carb eating is the solution for weight and health problems. They outline a 30 day eating program. Tips are given for what foods to eat and what to avoid.They also include close to 100 recipes such as Hobo Pork Chops, Swiss Egg Casserole, Salmon in Tomato Tubs and more. Each recipe includes the carb and protein count.Instead of complicated charts, easy self-aassessment quizzes are included to help you determine the portions of carbohydrate foods you can enjoy to reach your goals.The book is laid out in a reader friendly format. Pick it up and start losing right away. No complicated science that can become overwhelming, just clear explanations that make sense.Follow the 30 day food plan for exactly what to eat or interchange the meals.An appendix gives the carbohydrate content of many foods. Also portion sizes are illustrated. The Eades also include a sample meal planner worksheet and recommendations for vitamins.The book's one drawback is it does not include inspirational stories of folks who have lost on the plan. Nor does it include any ideas for keeping yourself on track mentally.If you are looking for a simple to follow low carb plan, this is the book for you!
112/115
4.0
1040428800
B000GG4ZKY
When this book came out there was very little hype about it. The title is not sexy, there are no exciting visuals, weight loss is not fast. Thus many people ignored it and hopped on the "diet of the week" bandwagon.Yet "The Volumetrics Weight-Control Plan" by Rolls and Barnett is one of the best, easiest to follow "diet" plans on the market. And it is backed up by research.The plan is simple. On a daily average most people eat about the same weight of food. That weight could have a caloric value of 1500 calories or 2500 calories depending on what you select to eat. Rolls and Barnett teach you to eat lower calorie but high satiety foods by increasing the water rich foods in your diet. Foods like fruits and vegetables. These will fill you up and thus you will eat less.For example you could eat Italian Pasta Salad with a lot of veggies and for 200 calories eat TWICE as much as Italina Pasta Salad thats heavy on the rotini. You could eat one 60 calorie cookie in a snap or eat one juicy water filled apple for the same amount of calories over a longer period of time. You get more food for the same calories. Because you are eating more food you will over the course of the day eat less and thus your calories will be lower and you will over time lose weight.Rolls and Barnett give plenty of recipes, substitutions, and suggestions to help you easily accomplish your goals. Try it today. Have a cup of soup or an apple prior to eating lunch. Thise foods are filling and you will eat less of the energy dense foods like chips and candy.An easy to understand, excellent plan for good health and weight loss!
34/35
5.0
1099612800
0385039107
Genevive Dariaux wrote this book in the early 60's. It is an alphabetical listing from A - Z describing how one can become an elegant individual. With her classic French style Ms. Dariaux describes many aspects of life and how to handle them in an elegant manner. Topics range from children to pocketbooks to zippers.Despite having written this over 20 years ago, much of it remains true and useful today.The book was a hidden gem till Kathleen Tessaro based her fiction novel Elegance on it. Then the price shot up from approximately $20 to the upper $200's with one daring booksite offering it for an astonishing $1,599! No takers I hope for the book is going to be reprinted in November of 2003. In her fiction book Tessaro quotes Dariaux's non-fiction book.It should be noted that Tessaro with the permission of Ms. Dariaux did change some of what she quoted and updated it in the way she felt Dariaux would have written it, if she had written it today.Elegance by Dariaux is a timeless read and its hard to find that type of information and instruction on how to be (become)elegant in the books of today.Another excellent book on Elegance that is much harder to find is A GUIDE TO ELEGANCE by Jacqueline DuPasquier. Written in the 50's, A Guide to Elegance is also a gem if you are lucky enough to find it.
8/9
4.0
1064102400
0312194528
This book is a diet centered around the food supplement chitosan. According to the author research has shown that chitosan when added to the diet blocks fat absorbtion thus you can eliminate fat calories using the product. I had read about chitosan on the web and wanted additonal concrete information which was sadly lacking in this book. The authors spend a lot of time discussing many &quot;diet&quot; topics such as why excess fat is bad, why other diets dont work, why exercise is important but very little information is given on chitosan itself. Though chitosan may very well be a revolutionary product for fat control you will barely learn the essentials about it with this text. For example he tells you how many grams of chitosan to take prior to eating certain items. Most chitosan is sold in milligrams so this will be confusing for some. He tells you not to take a surplus of the product but does not really explain why. He fails to explain the difference between food grade and pharmaceutical grade chitosan and the dosages to take of each. He does not mention how to use ascorbic acid to increase its potency. He does not list sources or what to look for when purchasing chitosan. The diet itself appears to be based on the food pyramid alone and is old fashioned in that it does not allow for individual differences. Some people following a 70% carbohydrate diet for example will not loose weight needing more protein. He also commits the sin of not including an index at the back. I feel all factual books should include that for easy reference and anyone who does not include one is making it easy on themselves and not writing a true reference book. On the plus side at least he helps draw chitosan to the publics attention.
25/26
2.0
907891200
1932994114
Instyle's latest book "InStyle Parties (The Complete Guide to Easy, Elegant Entertaining), is a step by step guide to hosting your best party!The 192 page hardcover, coffee table sized book (10x9x1/2)describes in detail the invitations, decor and menu for a variety of parties ranging from a backyard luau to a mediterranean dinner. Other parties include super bowl, afternoon spa, baby shower, birthday dinner, thanksgiving dinner and more. The super bowl party for example suggests a buffet menu that includes chili with turkey and white beans, sugar and spice pecans, tortilla chips with bean dip and an ice cream sundae dessert bar. Make the invites by writing on card stock glued on mini football pennants and decorate with mini plastic football players and goalposts. The book tells you exactly what to do from week to week to prepare for the party.It also suggests modifications for each party. Don't feel like fixing food? Order a platter of preassembled gourmet deli sandwiches.There are a lot of cute, novel ideas in the book. The holiday cocktail party has you crushing candy canes in martini glasses. Oscar night suggests sending invites in film canisters. The baby shower party would have you decorating with tea lights in baby food jars and serving goodies in silver baby cups with baby spoons.The book serves as a launching pad for ideas. The spa party suggests you consider splurging on Swarovski crystal studded spa invites..well I am not likely to do that..but using this idea I might buy some crystals at a craft store and doctor up a another cute invite. The book does give some "over the top" ideas for parties but it also gives substitutes. It all depends on your budget and desire.The book also includes chapters with some great basic information; how to stock a bar, the decor, the table, the food and the invitations. The table section for example, details tableware. linens, setting the table, serving styles, seating and extra help.Choc o' bloc with full color photographs of different parties and interspersed with the occasional picture of a celeb noshing on this or that, Instyle Parties is a super resource and sure to make your next event even more special!Lee Mellott
46/47
5.0
1127347200
0446608246
The Protein Power Lifeplan Gram Conter is designed to be a companion to the Protein Power Lifeplan book by the Eades. However, it can be useful with any low carb diet.The book does not go into detail on the Eades diet, for that you would want to refer to one of their other books. This book is a simple resource, designed to make you aware of the carbohydrate, protein and fat counts in different food items.Pull out this book and at your fingertips you have the counts of a variety of foods. The book has a numerous listings including Breads, Cereals and Grains; Dairy Products; Fish, Seafood and Shellfish; and more.When carb count is given the ECC is used. The ECC or effective carb count is found by deducting the fiber from the total carbohydrate of a food item. Most nutrition books list the fiber and carb count separately. But for carb counters, the ECC is all you need to count. So this booklet saves you from doing the math. Very handy!There are two drawbacks to the booklet. One is the size. Though it is smaller than a standard paperback, it's still larger, 6.75 x 4.05 than other pocketsized gram counters. This makes it bulkier to tote.The major drawback though is the manner in which the Eades decided to list counts. For protein foods they do not list the carbohydrates. The Eades feel that since these foods are primarily protein, the carb count is too small to be concerned with. But this is not true. For many folks on a carbohydrate restricted diet, all carbs count.If you are limited to say 20 grams of carbs per day, you will want to count the carbs in the eggs, seafood and other carbohydrate containing protein foods that you eat. It adds up. And if you go over, you may not achieve the health goals you are after.Yes, the Eades book is handy to have for a quick reference, but my preference is for the Atkins gram counter which is smaller in size and lists net carb counts for all the foods, including protein.
31/34
3.0
1045180800
B000A0OFXS
I work online and a good portion of my day is spent on the keyboard. I love it! But after constant stress on the hands and the back, I was starting to feel some discomfort in those areas. When I saw this offered on the Amazon Vine program, I decided to give it a try. I was really surprised after trying it out to find what a nice difference it makes. My wrists rest comfortably on the wrist platform instead of rubbing against the edge of my desk as they did before. After working with my keyboard and using the 3M Tilt Gel Rest Platform, I realized that this was something I needed but didn't know I needed it. I also find it helps me to sit up straighter as I use it.The product comes with instructions, the platform, adjustable "feet", velcro adhesive and the gel wrist rest. I opted not to use the feet to adjust it as my keyboard has a build in tilt to it. In addition, I did not feel it was necessary to adhere the gel wrist rest to the platform as it is heavy enough to stay in place and will be easier to clean.The product is also sleek and attractive in a dark neutral color. It blends well with my desk and gives a finished look to it. My keyboard fits on it nicely.Overall, this is a nice product. I deducted one star because as other reviewers mentioned, the adjustability of it is comprimised by the fact that once you stick the feet on, you are stuck with that angle - so really it is not so adjustable. I do like it enough that I will be looking into purchasing the mouse rest to go with it.It is always a good idea to give the body as little stress as possible from repititive movements and this really helps. If you suffer from severe wrist pain, I would suggest you also look into Dragon Naturally Speaking.~ Lee Mellott
0/2
4.0
1305504000
B000QBA5C6
Gwen offers a lot of thought provoking ideas in her book the &quot;Weigh Down Diet&quot;. Instead of turning to food, Gwen suggests we turn to God. I really feel Gwen has a lot of spiritual richness to share. I am not surprised that many are finding success with the program. &quot;Eat when you are full. Stop when you are hungry&quot; thats Gwens motto and a sound one. I give her book high marks for reminding us of what is important. I do however, have reservations regarding this book. Thin and fit are not always the same thing. You can be slender and not fit. Gwens suggests that you eat whatever you want. I agree you can in moderation but I also feel one should recognize that some foods lack nutrients. Though these foods should be enjoyed I do feel that an effort should be made to eat nutritious, life giving foods. But Gwen does not seem to feel this is important. How much you eat is more important than what you eat, she says. While that may be true for overall weight loss, it is not true for health. Her sample diet lacks in basic nutrients. There was hardly any calcium for example. And as Gwen does not believe in supplementing with vitamins etc. I feel the plan could cause problems in the long run. In addition Gwen supports the use of aspartame which some studies have shown can cause health problems. Gwen does not appear to support exercise either. Exercise if you want, she says, but its not going to help you lose much weight. Gwen seems to forget that exercise helps keep you fit! She mentions that our Grandparents did not set foot in a gym. And that may be true, but many of them led active lifestyles. Today many of us live a sedentary life. Exercise does not have to be formal (ie done in a gym) but activity should be worked into the day to stay fit. Exercise is also wonderful for good mental health. The spiritual aspect of the program is the core of the book. I feel Gwen writes with her heart but I feel that each individual needs to develop their own personal relationship with God. It will not be the same type of relationship for everyone. Gwen has very strong feelings about what God thinks and what God wants you to do. Her ideas of God demonstrating negative emotions, such as jealousy etc. conflict with the idea that others have that God is an all loving, accepting force who supports you no matter what. At times I was uncomfortable with Gwens thoughts. Some of what she said just didnt feel right to me. But Gwen does not seem to allow for individuals to have their own feelings about God. This is what God thinks and what God wants according to Gwen and there is no other way. Personally I prefer to view God as a total loving spirit that will support me regardless of if I eat too many cookies or not. Overall though I feel Gwens book shares some interesting thoughts and her idea that too much emphasis is on food not on the spirit is wonderful. I would recommend reading it for some of the insights she shares. But I would also take heed that good nutrition and exercise are very important.
106/119
4.0
958780800
1552100065
I only wish this book offered the magic to &quot;achieving rapid loss of unsightly fat&quot; as it states on the back cover. The inside contents reveal that good ole' exercise is the key! The book does offer some good info. on exercise. It includes information about different forms of exercise and how to achieve goals utilizing these forms. However it could have gone into greater depth. On the chapter on weight training for example, it suggests different sets but does not give any information on form, technique etc. The other element missing from this book is information on diet. The book states &quot;For information on diet check out the nutrition section at your local bookstore.&quot; Since diet is at least 75% of the fat loss game and this book is about fat loss.. something is missing here. The 62 page book includes lots of the usual &quot;muscle mag&quot; type poses in black and white, which are inspirational. I do feel there was some valuable information in the book but it needed to be beefed up alot.
17/17
3.0
944524800
155210009X
Despite its slim size (61pages) this book walks you step by step into developing a pair of lean, lovely legs. It includes a number of black and white photos featuring fitness stars such as Christine Lydon, Amy Fadhli, Marjo Selin, Dale Tomita and others. The book explains in detail how to create shapely legs with the right type of training. It describes the exercises that should be done and gives photos of many. It also includes training routines. Its divided into 6 sections which cover legs in general, the thighs, the hamstrings, the calfs, cardio/aerobic connection, and total leg training. The book pulls together a lot of information to help you organize your training to achieve the type of legs you want. The only drawback to the book is the writing style is very basic. For example the book opens with the following &quot;Legs-like them or not you have a pair. Your legs are essential for getting you where you want to go.&quot; Once you get past this elementary writing the actual information given is excellent.
18/18
4.0
956707200
B0007OB4ZE
Famed diet doctor,Stephen Gullo charges $1,000 an hour to advise clients on how they can lose weight. Now his tips and techniques can be yours for the price of this book.The hardcover 318 page book is slim but it's definately quality content. The book is essentially two parts. The first section includes strategies to employ to keep yourself IN CONTROL and IN CHARGE when it comes to your food. Dr. Gullo describes 10 "Thin Commandments". These include tips such as; separate mood from food, structure gives control, slips should teach not defeat you etc.The tips are pretty common knowledge but the twist is the techniques Gullo shares to master them. For example with his tip, "strategy is stronger than willpower", Gullo suggests you pop a sugar free cough drop or a breath strip to help you resist the bread basket in a restaurant. I tried this the other night when faced with a basket of crispy fried (read fattening) taco chips and voila..ate many less than I normally do.Gullo also shares foods that he has found give enormous bang for your calorie buck. As another reviewer pointed out, these foods are hard to find. He recommends a 16 calorie crispbread that is an appetite suppresent due to the fiber and is a nice crunchy food item to eat instead of say chips. I hunted high and low in my area and came up emptyhanded. Ended up mail ordering the breads to the tune of $49.50 plus shipping. He pushes these crispbreads so hard in the book as such a wonder food I had to ask the company when I ordered if Dr. Gullo had ownership or derived any monetary gain from the sale. (He does not.) He also recommends a delicious waffle that was also hard to find. BUT its really not Gullo's fault that these foods are hard to find. They are unique in what they offer and they can be very beneficial. He has a resource section so you will be able to order them.Mastering the strategies in the first section will help you get in control. In the second section Dr. Gullo shares his ABC turbocharged diet. This is definitely a low calorie diet with foods selected to help suppress appetite. He gives a choice of breakfasts, lunches, dinners and snacks. A typical day might be 2 hard boiled eggs with high fiber crackers for breakfast, a cajun fish fillet with spinach and veggies for lunch, a frozen stouffers entree for dinner with a side salad and several snacks such as a class of V-8, grapefruit or bowl of soup. The diet is definitely a diet. Personally I would rather eat more and lose weight slower and include treats like chocolate and wine. BUT Gullo's plan is only intended for 10 days to "turbocharge" you and appears healthy for those who are inclined to follow such a plan. It does not eliminate protein or fat or carbs like other plans.Once you have finished the 10 days you go into a maintenance plan which includes more goodies. Dr. Gullo also gives a list of his top 110 best low calorie foods on the market. Some of these items are "faux" foods that are not the best choice in my opinion such as fat free mayo. I would rather have a little of the real stuff that doesnt have all the chemicals in it free mayo does or just substitute mustard. But many of the foods are good and nutritious. The crispbreads have no sugar and may take some getting used to but with a little spread on them..are a very tasty snack. Other winners include Babybel Cheese Wedges, Thomas English Muffins and Starkist crabmeat. The list is really great.Gullo includes recipes in his book. angel cakes, raspberry souffle, organic turkey breast, cheese crepes etc. I made the eggplant parmegiana recently and it was excellent!Overall the book is a great resource of tips and techniques to help you achieve your weight loss goals!
91/91
5.0
1110585600
B0007XWN1E
The bookjacket reveals Hope Donahue the author. A cute woman with a cheeky grin and the appearance of not a care in the world. So when you read her story you are struck by how deceiving appearances are."Beautiful Stranger" is the true story of how Hope Donahue was totally immersed and obsessed with her appearance. She studied woman's magazines for the latest potions promising perfection. Spent hours ruminating over her "flaws". And countless time and money in the plastic surgeons office having one procedure after another.She has her nose worked on, eyelift, cheek implants, breast surgery and more. In addition she doesn't give much thought to eating her roommates food and snooping through their drawers. Hope eventually is diagnosed with OCD (obsessive compulsive disorder) and takes medication. She marries and has children.Sadly though she admits near the end of the book that she still has the problem as she has had her eyebrows tatooed twice, a birthmark put on and removed, botox, collegen etc.I felt great pity for the author. I want to say, "Hope, beauty is not all there is to life. And even if you are beautiful so what? It doesn't make you happier inside as witnessed by the super models like Gia who kill themselves or become addicted to drugs to ease depression. Regardless my comments would most likely not help Hope who seems driven now and then by urges she can't control.I greatly admire Hope's gut wrenching honesty. Photographs would have give the book the extra star.
10/14
4.0
1101513600
060980670X
This is a purse sized book jam packed with information about eyebrows! The eyebrows frame and &quot;set off&quot; your face. This book teaches you simple steps to help you choose a brow shape that suits your facial shape ie square, oval, round etc. and facial features ie nose shape, distance between the eyes etc. The writers explain different methods to remove unwanted eyebrow hair, and how to shape the brows into the desired style. Each part of the anatomy of the brow is explained and details on how to shape it properly are covered. I had never thought about the shape of the inner part of my brow that is near my nose for example. But the authors cover different effects you will achieve by shaping this in different ways. The book also includes a few celebrity pictures and their brows and explains how to achieve the look. The book is written in a friendly, easy to read manner - entertains as it educates. A good buy!
48/51
5.0
980640000
B000Q6GXWW
Jorge Cruise has developed a quick way to &quot;jump-start&quot; your morning. By performing only 8 minutes of strength training and following a simple diet Jorge says you can shape up! In fact on the cover of his book he guarantees weight loss in just 4 weeks.I think the strength training aspect of his program is very good. The photographs are clear and the descriptions for the exercises are concise. Jorge leads you through 4 sets of 12 repetitions for 2 exercises, alternating them for greater effect.There are a number of exercises including standing heel raises, kickups, knee pushups, and one arm curls.Despite the short time period, I could feel a nice difference in my body in under a week. Though its easy to not exercise, its hard to make excuses when it's only 8 minutes! Great Concept!It would be nice if Jorge had included modifications for those who had difficulty performing the exercises.Jorge also includes a motivational thought for the day. Each day has a different idea to hopefully &quot;kick&quot; you into high gear. Ideas such as visualization, using light, rewards etc. Nothing new, but a nice addition to the book.The diet is your standard low calorie type fare, with one addition. Jorge has you add one tsp. of flax oil (which you can also purchase from him) or olive oil to your meals to give you that feeling of satiation. I purchased Jorge's flax oil and indeed it does make you feel full..but I found the taste was very hard to get used to. Overall, I was disappointed in the diet. Jorge does not use the new information about how glycemic levels can be effected by certain foods and he suggests foods that easily turn to sugar in your body like bananas. He also suggests eating treats alone and that could trigger cravings in some folks if not paired with a protein.Jorge says he has trained over 3 million people online in his book. So I was surprised when I visited his website that it seemed like it was still in it's infancy ie chat board just starting etc. I have been on a variety of fitness websites for over 5 years and have never heard of Jorge. I was also disappointed when he suggested on the board the if we needed motivation we buy a small outfit and try to diet to get in it.Personally, I think we all need to feel good NOW about our bodies and try to make them better by buying clothes that fit and adjusting down when the time is right.My thoughts are that he knows his exercise but put together a diet program by gathering information from others. I don't think his diet program is anything special or the answer folks have been looking for.But the book is worth the price for the exercises alone. And Jorge is young and enthusiastic and his knowledge of nutrition will grow! Hopefully his next book will include the wonderful exercises and a better nutrition plan.
352/363
4.0
1011052800
0807070718
There have been many first person accounts of the concentration camps. Rena's story is among the most detailed and gripping.Rena as a young woman turned herself in as a Jew in order to prevent problems for a family that was helping her. Little did she know of the ordeal that lie ahead. And when I say ordeal that does not begin to describe the terrifying journey that Rena takes.In the camps, Rena is eventually reunited with her sister Danka and makes a promise to her (hence the title of the book) that if she (Danka) is to be killed Rena will go with her. They will die or live together. As the story unfolds you really grasp the utter evil of the Nazi's as they played their evil games with the prisoners. How Rena and Danka manage to escape deaths door on so many occasions is a miracle. But they do. Yet the pain and suffering they experience is unimaginable. And the pain and suffering of those who meet untimely, unthinkable torture and deaths is described too.Whenever I am tempted to whine or moan or b*tch about something, I think of Rena and Danka and their incredible endurance. It puts my problems in perspective. The book also has made me appreciate the little things, like a hot shower or good book, a warm meal or a lazy morning sleeping. Things that Rena and Danka never received but could only dream of.This is a graphic book, but one that can change your way of thinking of life. A truly bold tale that opens your eyes to the deepest evil and the strongest love.
175/178
5.0
1116115200
0786866691
Attracted by the lovely cover model I picked &quot;Latina Beauty&quot; up at the bookstore. Just a quick glimpse through the pages and I a nonhispanic decided to splurge.The book is a gem no matter what your ethnicity. Though geared to the Latina woman, the content is appropriate for every woman. Who doesn't want flawless skin, striking eyes and attitude! This book covers it all! You will learn everything from creating a sacred space to eating for optimum health.I learned a lot from this book that is not covered in other beauty books. How to look for the glints of color in my eyes and using the color wheel, select an eyeshadow color that will pull out the shade I want to emphasize. How to create the illusion of plump, luscious lips without looking like a clown!And the information in presented beautifully. Glossy pages and lovely pictures justify the price. It's oversized but not unweldy like many other beauty books.Get this book and get gorgeous with attitude!
17/17
5.0
999216000
B000GQLD2C
In this book Barbara Ehrenreich poses as an out of work white collar worker. Though I am not in the workforce (stayed home with kids and never went back) the book sent a chill through me.Who knows what will happen in the future with one's job or one's spouses job.Barbara writes beautifully and presents the dilemma of the white collar worker who has been fired, downsized or out of work for another reason. Many have difficulty finding a job that replicates the salary and benefits of their former position. Some ratchet up credit card debt, end up taking low paying jobs, run out of health insurance etc and never make it back to the level of comfort they had experienced at one time.Though I appreciate Barbara's attention to the plight her choices as she posed as an out of work individual were not the best and likely ones she would not have made if she were actually in the situation. She hires counselors whom she gets bad vibes from at the start, attends seminars which she feels are shaky right off the bat, overpays someone $100 when she knows that is not the agree upon amount etc. Granted someone in a desperate situation may not make the best choices, but with so many alarms ringing as Barbara works with this coach or that counseling service it seems like she was deliberately looking not to succeed in her job search for the purpose of the book.A good read but not as revealing as it could have been.
10/12
4.0
1127088000
B000006SGZ
When I was a teen visiting England, my uncle played this album and I fell in love with it. After much searching I located it as a young adult, but my record player gave up the ghost so I was without it for many years. I was thrilled to discover it had been remastered and released on this CD.Music is very subjective. And this is definately a work that you are either passionate about or think HUH? I just love it.When I got this CD and put it on and heard it again for the first time in years I cried!Colored Rain, River Deep Mountain High, and Ring of Fire are just incredible. Eric Burdon moves my soul!This remastered recording is outstanding.
19/22
5.0
1101168000
0975488848
Jill Fleming a registered dietician with an MS in nutritional science developed the THIN CHOICES program. This program reveals the habits of thin people.In her book "Thin People Don't Clean Their Plates", Fleming reveals her techniques. The book opens with inspiring quotes from Jill's clients. In the 17 chapters that follow, Jill explains exactly what thin people do that helps them stay that way. Though the 136 page book is slim, Jill gets right to the point instead of including the extra fluff many other "diet" books do. She doesn't spend time writing about why all the other diets out there (except hers) don't work and she avoids a lot of scientific, technical chatter.Chapters include Thin People Don't Diet, Thin People Carry Snacks, Thin People Don't Go to Bed Full, Thin People Eat Fruits and Vegetables and more.The bottomline is the commonsense that prevails throughout the book. If you want to lose weight and maintain it you will have to eat less and/or move more. Jill tells you simple ways to do this. I especially liked her information on walking. One thing Jill shares is that a 155 pound woman who adds 1/2 hour of walking to her daily routine with no other dietary changes can lose 26 pounds a year. Sounds very doable to me!Fleming encourages you to give up dieting and adapt an approach that you can stick with for a lifetime. Simple suggestions to incorporate into your life for wellness and a healthy slim body.
66/67
5.0
1111795200
1575663856
Yes you can! is written by a Weight Watchers leader to give you tips and pointers to manage your weight. Rosalie shares her thoughts on how you can achieve your objectives. I found the book to be nicely written, and enjoyed her insights. However, I felt for the dollars Rosalie should have shared more thoughts! (The book is only 196 pages). In addition though the book was published in 1999 Rosalie gives examples using the old WW selection system, not the new 123 Success points system. Since it was so recently published I feel this should have been updated. On the other hand regardless of the system used her inspiration as a WW leader for 22 years is very valuable.
9/9
3.0
944006400
B000052XBB
Recently I was chatting with a woman who lost over 100 pounds on Slim-fast. She said she owed her success to the Slim-fast dutch chocolate bars. She ate them twice a day as meal replacements accompanied by an 8oz glass of fat free milk, along with other meals. Inspired by her success I decided to try the bars. They are very tasty! Though not as scrumptious as some of Slim-fast's other bars, its a good solid taste of chocolate and with the milk is filling. If you are on the run and want something quick you may want to check out these bars.
0/1
4.0
1075075200
155210012X
Normally I enjoy the offerings of Robert Kennedy (author of &quot;Fast Lane to Fitness&quot;). Despite the cheesy poses of the models pictured in his books and magazines, his work is motivating! But &quot;Fast Lane to Fitness&quot; lacks solid information. Unless you are a rank beginner and I mean rank beginner there is very little information to be gained here. When I purchased the book I expected info on how to maximize my workout time effectively to achieve optimal fitness in minimal time. I was disappointed! Instead this book focuses its few pages (76)on why you should exercise and the different types you could choose from. There is no in depth look at how to make true improvement in your physique. The pages are devoted to simple ideas most third graders know. Sample quote &quot;Jumping rope is super inexpensive, and can be done at home or on the road (by taking a jump rope and sweats with you when you travel.) DUH! Most people also realize that your diet is at least 70% of the battle. What you eat will make or break your 'buff' body. But guess how much space is devoted to nutrition in this book? NONE! Thats right ZIP! Bob, I love your magazine Oxygen, enjoy some of your other books too..but this one wont get anyone on the fast lane to fitness...just the fast lane to thinking, Why did I waste my $$$ on this?&quot; By the way Bob if you or someone associated with your magazine Oxygen reads this PLEASE PLEASE relabel those so called 'Special Reports' for Hydroxycut that are frequently published in your mag. Clearly mark them as 'Advertisements'.
22/23
2.0
942796800
1552100146
I love this book! It is jam packed with info to help you achieve a buff body. In the past I have found many of &quot;Musclemag International's&quot; books to be slim in both pages and information. Not this book. It packs a walloping 320 pages and is larger than average. The material given covers almost everything you would want to know about perfecting your physique. It includes not only tons of detailed info. on weight training and nutrition, but also gives information on makeup, surgery, fitness competitions etc. Lots of solid advice. The book also includes a number of black and white photos of fitness models like Debbie Kruck, Brandi Carrier, Monica Brant and others. I think this is one of the best fitness books for women on the market!
56/59
5.0
945302400
B000052XOY
I discovered Aquaphor when a dear friend went on Accutane. She was in misery because her lips were so dry. Her doctor gave her some Aquaphor samples. I had thought it was only for body skin but I was very wrong. This thick, rich product soothed her lips and the dryness and cracking were gone within a day.I picked up a tube and found it has a many uses. In addition to softening lips (which I use in rotation with another favorite Carmex) Aquaphor can be used on dry knees, elbows and heels. A tiny bit works well as an eye moisturizer and it also softens cuticles.Great product for a little price!
8/8
5.0
1110758400
B0007OB5DA
I was so impressed with Madame Guiliano's book "French Women Don't Get Fat" (see my review posted at Amazon) I decided to ante up for the audio version also. Because the book was so good, I felt that HEARING her words would make an even greater impression even though it is the same material so I purchased the CD in addition to the book.The CD is an abridged version of the book read by the author herself Mireille Guilino. Madame Guiliano was born and raised in France but spent many years in the States. She reads the text with her charming French accent but it is very clear. She reads at just the right speed. Very nice!The audio varies from the book with a few new ideas here and there. And to hear Madame say the words does make a further impression as I had hoped. There are a few differences from the book however.The audio is spread out over 3 CD's in an attractive compact box. The drawback to the set is it does not include all the recipes the book does. She reads one recipe for magical leek soup and the box includes a few extra recipes on cards but many recipes are not included. In the book she includes recipes for yogurt which she feels is VERY beneficial to weight loss and also a recipe for french baguettes. Sadly these very important recipes are not included in the CD set.The third CD boasts a bonus interview with Ms. Guiliano that the book does not have. Here she is asked about fast food, eating on the run etc.Both the CD and book are wonderful with plenty of commonsense advise as to how a French woman thinks in order to stay slim and how you can adapt this to your American lifestyle. It is geared more towards those who have 30 pounds or fewer to lose and also to females.Aside from the recipe changes and bonus interview the CD is very similar to the book in content so please read my review of the book for more information on actual content.Given the choice of the book or CD, I think I would have to select the book due to the very important yogurt and bread recipes..yet the opportunity to hear Madame herself is exquisite!If selecting just one you will have to decide then what is most important to you.Bonne Chance!Lee Mellott
16/20
5.0
1104451200
B0007OB5DA
Mireille Guliano President and CEO of the champagne company Cliquot Inc. is the author of "French Women Don't Get Fat". Guliano travels 180 days of the year, eating out frequently and indulging in rich dishes and other goodies including bread, champagne and chocolate. Yet she manages to stay very slim and trim the French way."French Women Don't Get Fat" is a wonderful opportunity to look inside this chic French woman's mind and understand how she eats such delicious food, rarely visit the gym yet wears a small size.The 263pg book speaks volumes. It clearly describes how to "think" so you will make the food choices that even if indulgent support a healthy weight. And it describes how to "move" to stay slim and you don't have to go to a gym.You do not have to be in the Zone or give up carbs or fat in order to lose weight. There is no need to micromanage your nutrients. Instead you must temper your indulgences with restraint. It seems so simple - yet millions of overweight Americans don't know how to accomplish this. And with her commonsense explanation M. Guliano explains exactly how to do this.Madame Guiliano is not a doctor or nutritionist. And she has not done scientific studies to test her methods. BUT all she has to do is point to France and the millions of slim Frenchwomen who use her "methode".Madame Guiliano states she learned the process of weight loss when she gained weight after a visit to the States from her Doctor - Dr. Miracle. The good doctor taught her simple steps to achieve a healthy weight. Guiliano took his lessons to heart slimmed down and is now frequently asked how she stays so slim!One of the first steps in the program is recasting. Here you look over the food you eat and you decide what you have to have and what you are willing to eat less of or give up entirely. You also work to get the blatant sugars that create havoc with your chemistry out of your system. There is also a simple recipe for leek soup for a weekend of cleansing for those who wish to jumpstart a weight loss program. You will journal and see what areas cause trouble in your life.Other steps include eating regular meals, increasing fruits and vegetables, drinking water, not stocking offenders at home and enjoying yogurt on a daily basis.The book is really designed for those who understand the calorie concept and have a basic understanding of healthy and non-healthy foods. Though Guiliano does not get into calorie counting since she asks that you track what is causing your weight problems, it's assumed that you know that "faux" foods like twinkies are an offender whereas an apple is not.Her book includes numerous recipes including Asparagus Flan, Grilled Spring Lamb Chops, Yogurt, Baguette, Salad of Duck A L'orange and more. The book is,however, light on sample daily menus. More of what to eat on a daily basis would have been good.The book is a superb read on how the Frenchwoman stays so slim and trim! Freshness, variety, balance, luxury and a trim waistline can be yours if you follow the principles!Bonne Chance!Lee Mellott
774/825
5.0
1104192000
0809232510
This book gives a blow by blow account of what you need to do to build a tight firm physique. First you determine your body shape. Then it recommends exercises to best achieve your objectives. Though many of the exercises are suited for gym equipment, at home modifications are also offered. The book offers a complete section on nutrition with recipes. It also gives sample menu plans and suggestions for Shape training during pregnancy. I really enjoy the book. However, I did find a few of the recipes somewhat tasteless and I would have liked a few more modifications on the workouts for the at home exerciser. Other than than its well worth the price.
25/25
4.0
944524800
0965894304
Anne Barone's book &quot;Chic &amp; Slim Encore&quot; is a favorite on my bookshelf, so I was delighted to discover her earlier work &quot;Chic &amp; Slim&quot; has been reprinted.&quot;Chic &amp; Slim&quot; is the original book written by Anne Barone to share the secrets of how the French women eat rich foods, drink wine, are rarely seen at the gym and still manage to wear size SMALL!The key according to Anne is the choices the French woman makes. She chooses natural unprocessed foods. Portion sizes are smaller. Exercise is fit in naturally by walking everywhere. Water not soda is the beverage of choice. Sugar is eaten in moderate quantities.Instead of aiming for quantity, the French aim for quality. Eating a small slice of the finest pastry instead of a whole box of processed twinkies. Drinking one or two glasses of red wine instead of a number of unhealthy cocktails. Don't supersize your fries and double your burger. Instead eat a little portion of &quot;pomme frites&quot; with a palm size piece of grilled chicken. Forget the salad dressings with synthetic ingredients instead dress your lettuce with just a bit of heart healthy olive oil and vinegar.Anne also goes into &quot;ATTITUDE&quot;. The French women sees herself as a beautiful women despite her physical flaws. She is worth the effort of eating well, taking care of herself. She deserves to be slim and healthy. Many American women are unfortunately caught in a cycle of trying to look like the models we see in magazines instead of enjoying what we have and making the most of it.The French woman does things that make her feel good about herself. She dresses to look and feel her best. No sloppy sweats and big gym shoes. Clothing that makes her feel feminine. A perfume that reflects her personality.The book &quot;Chic &amp; Slim&quot; also shares Anne's triumph of losing weight when she stopped dieting and started eating like the French. She shares more of her ideas at her website annebarone.com.&quot;Chic &amp; Slim&quot; like its sister book, &quot;&quot;Chic &amp; Slim Encore&quot; is a must read for the woman who wants to learn to enjoy and appreciate herself more. The woman who wants to get off the diet rollercoaster and learn to eat sensibly and with joy. A true treasure!
80/83
5.0
1015545600
B0000A09E0
I was attracted to this book by its feel and the promise of learning more about that certain &quot;something&quot; Jackie radiates. After mentally debating the price, my lust for more Jackie style information won out and I purchased it. It is a substantial book in many ways but weak in others. The beginning of the book is awkward as the author describes what Jackie was thinking after her husband won the Presidency. How could the author know? The authors assumptions immediately made me question the rest of the books authenticity. As I read through the book however, the author changed tactics and began to describe the first lady using research that was factually supported. She discusses Jackie's upbringing, her role as young woman, and beyond. Though most of the information has been written about before, several aspects were elaborated on to add a new twist and make them more interesting. For example, I had read many times about Jackie winning Vogue magazines Prix de Paris competition, but never in the detail Keough gives. There are a number of photographs in the book but unfortunatly the way they are presented lacks impact. Many are black and white, others small for the page, few are new, and in general they don't have the luster that they could. For example, p.182 has a full size, black and white photograph of Jackie with flowers fully covering her face. If this is one of the never seen photographs Keough promises well I can see why. Another page is devoted to a full color photo of Ari Onasis. Since the full color photos of Jackie are few why not make it one of her? Pamela Keoughs previous book Audrey Style had a much better selection of pictures that made an impression! There are also some line sketches of Jackie in a pillbox. The sketch looks more like Anjelica Houston. The information in the book is broad. The author has obviously done alot of research and she relays the information with her fresh perspective. But many readers will wish for more information about Jackie's STYLE not her life history. For those just beginning to read about Jackie this will be a good introduction but to those familiar with her and the books about her this will be a rehash and retelling.
48/48
4.0
996624000
0965894355
A few years ago, while vacationing in the Bahama's I observed a table of two French women eating lunch. They were both very slim, tres chic, and obviously not counting calories. Each woman had a full glass of red wine, some rich looking cheeses, a few crackers and a small assortment of other goodies. I couldn't help but wonder HOW they managed to remain so slim eating THAT. I was righteously nibbling on 1/2 bagel with a tad of fat (cream cheese) and some turkey protein thrown in. Yet I had at least ten pounds (ok 20)to lose. As a child I had lived in France and can still remember the delicious croissants, mouth watering chocolates, hearty breads, and rich cheeses the French ate so frequently. How did the women stay so slim? I had also noticed that the majority of them managed to look like a million dollars though I knew many of them were on tiny budgets. How did they do it? Then I came across Anne Barone's book at Amazon! Mais Oui! What a pleasure! I savored every morsel of Anne's delicious book, &quot;Chic &amp; Slim Encore&quot;. In the book Anne truly reveals how so many French women come across as attractive, chic, slim, in control, and poised regardless of the physical features nature gave them. She explains how you can eat rich, fatty, (forbidden) foods and remain tiny and terrific! What to look for in clothing so you always dress rich regardless of your pocketbook. How our feminity can be enhanced and appreciated if we so desire. The book embraces many aspects of the French culture and teaches aspects of the French lifestyle that we can use to enhance our lives. You learn how to simplify your life by aiming for quality not quantity. Moderation not accumulation. Buying the best you can afford in small amounts and forgetting the rest. Simple steps you can integrate into an active lifestyle to increase delight in the everyday! The book is a wonderful resource for enjoying and living the good life! Merci Anne!
100/103
5.0
975715200
0965894355
A few years ago, while vacationing in the Bahama's I observed a table of two French women eating lunch. They were both very slim, tres chic, and obviously not counting calories. Each woman had a full glass of red wine, some rich looking cheeses, a few crackers and a small assortment of other goodies. I couldn't help but wonder HOW they managed to remain so slim eating THAT. I was righteously nibbling on 1/2 bagel with a tad of fat (cream cheese) and some turkey protein thrown in. Yet I had at least ten pounds (ok 20)to lose. As a child I had lived in France and can still remember the delicious croissants, mouth watering chocolates, hearty breads, and rich cheeses the French ate so frequently. How did the women stay so slim? I had also noticed that the majority of them managed to look like a million dollars though I knew many of them were on tiny budgets. How did they do it? Then I came across Anne Barone's book at Amazon! Mais Oui! What a pleasure! I savored every morsel of Anne's delicious book, "Chic & Slim Encore". In the book Anne truly reveals how so many French women come across as attractive, chic, slim, in control, and poised regardless of the physical features nature gave them. She explains how you can eat rich, fatty, (forbidden) foods and remain tiny and terrific! What to look for in clothing so you always dress rich regardless of your pocketbook. How our feminity can be enhanced and appreciated if we so desire. The book embraces many aspects of the French culture and teaches aspects of the French lifestyle that we can use to enhance our lives. You learn how to simplify your life by aiming for quality not quantity. Moderation not accumulation. Buying the best you can afford in small amounts and forgetting the rest. Simple steps you can integrate into an active lifestyle to increase delight in the everyday! The book is a wonderful resource for enjoying and living the good life! Merci Anne!
22/24
5.0
1059955200
B0000A09EL
DDRMax2 is the hot new way to exercise. Because it's so much fun!First a simple overview. DDRMax2:Dance,Dance Revolution is a Playstation game where music is played on your TV screen. Arrows move across the screen. The player dances on a dance pad and attempts to move their feet to match the direction of the arrows. The better you do the more points you rack up. Sounds simple but it can be tough depending on the difficulty level you choose.While the music is playing (and there are a number of songs to select from or let the game select for you) the background will change. Sometimes there will be videos, othertimes characters that you can select to dance with.So each time you &quot;play&quot; the game looks different and you will have the challenge of trying to improve your ability level.I purchased the game for the workout and am delighted to find that it's so much fun I could (and do) spend hours on it!The game has the added bonus of a &quot;Workout Mode&quot; so you can track your calories, weight and progress.You will need a dance pad to play the game. I bought two dance pads so my daughters could take turns working out with me or each other. Well worth the investment. I would advise buying good pads with good padding so it's easier on your joints as you will be doing a lot of moving around.A+++++ for this great game that gets both kids and adults moving and grooving and having a GREAT time!
6/7
5.0
1089936000
1400052734
Ok very unlikely this 40 something will be dancing naked anytime soon. Not sure the strip clubs are looking for my 40 something type and to be honest..just dont have the desire to shake the "thang" for the masses. So even though I don't want to Dance Naked..I sure want to look good naked!And thats why I picked up a copy of Jessica Kayla Conrad's book,"Dance Naked: A Guide to Unleashing Your Inner Hottie".To my shock the library had it...but I enjoyed it so much that I bought a copy.In the book Conrad makes the case on how you too can become a hottie by taking tips from the women who make their living taking it off.The deal is you don't have to be beautiful to be hot. You can give the impression of "hotness" by how you style your hair, do your makeup etc.Conrad walks you through the steps.I have always opted for a classic simple style and I am not about to switch to cleavage baring tops or dragon lady nails....but I have taken a few tips from Conrad to spice up my everyday persona.I will keep the short blond classic bob I have though Conrad states that men love long hair (we all know that) but I did start dancing more for exercise and wearing frosty pink on my nails occasionally. I picked up gel baby oil for a soft body glow, fake individual eyelashes for eye flirt and heck even retired a few pair of grandma panties.My complaint with the book is its too short. I want more and greater details. However, the book is a super starting point to have fun with.Other Conrad tips include how to get that pouty mouth, fake bake a tan, what jewelry to wear and more.A super read for women who want more Pama Glama (Pam Anderson) in their life..I just took a tidbit here and a tidbit there without going over the top and am having fun with it!
7/8
5.0
1119744000
B00006BS7N
I really enjoy Leslie Sansone's 2 Mile Walk video so decided to try her Walk off Weight video. I love it! The workout is divided into 3 sections plus a cool down at the end. The set is a living room with comfy couch and coffee table. Not lavish but I think the intent is to show you can do this in a small amount of space in your home. Behind Leslie is a window that is fun to watch as one minute it is storming and the next its a calm sunny day! Leslie is the only exerciser in the first section. It is a nice slow 20 minute 1 mile walk perfect for a day when you are tired but want to get moving. The next 2 sections are each twenty minute 1 and 1/2 mile walks. Leslie leads several other exercisers with enthusiasm and the steps are simple to follow yet vary enough to keep the viewers attention. You can do 1 segment, 2 or all 3 depending on your mood and needs. I pop it in after dinner or lunch to get in a quick walk. The music is upbeat but not intrusive. If you are looking for a very low impact workout that offers flexiblity and you enjoy simple stepping movements I think you will enjoy this video!
78/80
4.0
982454400
B00006BS7O
This is one of my favorite Leslie Sansone walking tapes. Its a brisk 15 minute mile with upbeat music. Leslie is her usual encouraging self. She leads a group of exercisers with simple steps that are varied enough to prevent boredom but low impact and easy to do. I pop in the tape for a quick walk after meals. It burns calories yet doesn't take a lot of time. At the end of the tape she leads you in a few minutes of toning exercises. A super video!
21/21
5.0
984268800
B00006BS7P
This is a short workout (approx 30 minutes) that is suitable for a variety of fitness levels. Leslie leads a group of exercisers in a 2 mile walk, about 15mph. A meter at the bottom tracks your progress. A beginner can easily stop at 1 mile, and eventually work up to 2. A more advanced exerciser can use this tape in addition to another tape or on a day when a less rigorous workout is needed. I enjoyed the workout. I have a number of intense, dancy tapes and I was looking for something that was simple and quick. Leslie varies her step enough to prevent boredom but not so much that you have trouble keeping up. Side taps, basic marches, grapevines just simple steps. The conversation is easy and encouraging. She does get a bit shrill in her laughter in the middle (why dont these video leads realize we will have to listen to it over and over when we do the tape) but fortunately its only for a few seconds. Overall the tape is a nice addition to a fitness program!
28/28
4.0
981676800
B0006U67BK
I wanted to work out using the "Body for Life for Women" weight lifting program for upper body. However, most of the exercises require a weight bench so not having alot of space and already having a family room that hosts a balance ball, exercise bike, stepper and DDR pads I put the idea out of my mind.But when the New Year rang in and my body was starting to look less than firm I knew I had to do something to get my fanny in gear. I took another look at the benches on the market and was surprised to see how small the Danskin Space Saver Bench was. The reviews on it were great, the price reasonable and when I noted that Amazon was offering free super saver shipping I took the plunge and ordered.The bench arrived in a large box. After unpacking it, I found that it was pretty easy to handle at only 30 pounds. Unfortunately my bench arrived with a broken foot pad, but a call to a friendly Debbie at customer service resulted in a new one that was easily popped on.The bench is about 11 inches wide and 41 inches long, and I wasn't sure if it would hold alot of weight but another friendly rep, Donna told me it held a 250 person who was bench pressing 200 pounds! Thats a lot of weight! And despite its small size it's very comfortable.The bench is attractive, durable and feels secure. It changes positions easily so if you are trying to get in your sets with a variety of exercises you can quickly change it from a flat bench to a tilted or upright one. The padded cushions are comfortable. If I was making it, I would probably make it black for a more modern look but the dark tan color is fine.Overall I am really pleased with this purchase and look for a toned body with a little help from my sleek new bench!
11/11
5.0
1136937600
0679404570
If you are interested in fashion, you will love Italian Chic. This out of print book like its cousin French Chic (also written by Susan Sommers) is rapidly becoming a sought after collectible. Though French Chic has been listed for prices well over $100 Italian Chic can be found for much lower. Yet of the two books, my preference is for Italian Chic. The book written in 1992 describes how to incorporate Italian style secrets into simple to follow fashion guidelines. You will learn where to scrimp, where to splurge. How to update what you own. How to travel light and wrinkle free. Make a shawl work for every occasion. The pictures in the book are contemporary and work today. Unlike many fashion books where you are supposed to pick your look like romantic or trendy and dress accordingly Italian Chic is classic and works forever. You will learn how to work your wardrobe to your best advantage. Much is covered in this detailed book, everything from the type of jeans to wear and where they should hit on the ankle to the classic sunglass choice. There is a whole section on makeup for maximum effect. The Italians put the emphasis on the eyes. And information on how water helps the Italian skin glow. Excellent resource for those that want to look fabulous!
51/52
5.0
996710400
1933405031
Real Simple dishes up "Real Simple Meals Made Easy" to offer "think fast" solutions for dinner.The book includes One Pot Meals (use one pan), No-Shop Meals (use items in your pantry), 30 minute meals (take 1/2 hour or less), No Cook Meals (no need to turn on the stove), Freezer Meals (make ahead and store), Shortcut Meals (premade ingredients) and Reliable Sides (compliment your main dish).Sample meals include: Beef and Beer Stew, Chicken Cacciatore, Cheddar French Toast with Sizzled Tomatoes, Spiced Lamb Chops with Chickpea Salad, Lasagna Style Baked Ziti and many more!Directions and ingredients are clearly spelled out in this 10" by 10" oversized hardcover. As with all Chic Simple books that I have read it is beautifully designed with lovely pictures and easy to read text. The book includes a ribbon to easily book mark your page.There is a lot of love in this book. Recipes are tasty and for the most part really simple. Yet they have an elegance about them that makes others feel like you must have spent hours in the kitchen. The lavish yet simple photoraphs are mouth watering and indusive to spending time in the kitchen!There are several drawbacks to the book however. The recipes do not incude nutritional information. No calorie, protein, sodium or any of those type of counts. And the second drawback is finding the recipes. If you dont feel like cooking you could go to the No Cook Recipes section. Then you would have to look at each recipe and see if you have the ingredients. A simple list of No Cook Recipes to start the section or at the beginning of the book would have been a tremendous help. You can go to the index and look under No Cook Meals or chicken for example but I feel this could have been done in a more effective manner where it was easier to locate and use.Overall lots of mouthwatering recipes, great ideas and yummy visuals - a nice complement to your kitchen!
40/41
4.0
1145923200
1582701008
Over the years I have read a number of beauty books that have taught me how to look my best using makeup. Kat's book is unique. It teaches you how to achieve greater health so you transform your looks, need minimal makeup and have a radiant glow.I stumbled across Kat's website using an internet search. Intriqued by what she shared I ordered her book. I am so glad I did. The information it covers is totally unique and is helping me make changes in my life that have greatly improved my health and appearance.Kat begins by telling you to focus not on looks but on health. She suggests you change your diet, exercise and the products you use. Not through willpower or discipline, but by making &quot;upgrades&quot; that you will enjoy.Many of the changes she suggests are simple but have enormous positive consequences. For example she says to use a water filter in your shower to filter out the chlorine and other contaminants. I picked up a $20 filter at a local hardware shop.After the first washing my fine blonde hair was fuller, and shinier than it had been in years. And this has continued from one wash to the next. This tip alone has totally transformed my hair.The book is packed with information on the best and gentlest ways to treat your whole body so that you become healthy and as a delightful side note as gorgeous as possible!The book includes 3 parts. Part 1: Uncovering Your True Radiant Potential which includes chapters on overhauling your dawn to duks routines and the process of shedding. Part 2: Feeding and Cultivating Beauty with chapters like drink yourself beautiful, and reclaiming the joy of eating. Part 3: The Makeup-less Makeover including the bathroom-cabinet makeover and how to purify your potions and paints. Kat's book also includes a comprehensive living beauty resource section and a bibliography.If you are ready to make lasting changes and capture your glow, &quot;The Truth About Beauty&quot; will help you uncover your personal best!
171/173
5.0
1069286400
1579510604
This little book has a lot of informative techniques on what you can do to win the weight battle. Instead of focusing on nutrition D'Agostino zeros in on your mind. How to use the mind to help you help yourself to the body you deserve.The book includes ideas such as aversion therapy (ie imagining the food in a negative manner), rethinking your attitude after you have blown it, visualization etc.The draw back is, as another reviewer pointed out the editing. If someone is going to write a book on &quot;loosing&quot; weight lets at least spell it correctly. Throughout the text the word &quot;loosing&quot; kept cropping up casting doubts on the authors expert ability to help anyone be effective at &quot;losing&quot; weight as she couldn't even spell the word! Santa &quot;Clause&quot; also makes an appearance. Hmmm didn't know Claus has changed the spelling of his last name. These errors and others really cast a big shadow over the book - distracting. I am not the world's greatest speller either, but if my book was up for publication I would certainly run a spell check on it.The illustrations were also unattractive. Tiny pencil drawings of stick figures with pot bellies.Though most of the ideas in the book are very good, you will have to look past the drawings and text errors, and that can be tough to do.
5/5
3.0
1091491200
B0002OMKKW
This is a nice brisk 1 mile walk to get you moving. "The Morning Mile Plus Abs" pairs with another tape "The Evening Mile Plus Legs". Together the set is known as the sun and moon. Sun for the am walk and moon for the pm walk of course.In "The Morning Mile Plus Abs" walk Leslie and six of her usual gang of exercisers lead you through simple motions, sidesteps, marches, little kicks etc. The music is standard Leslie fare and very faint in the background. The set is a studio set with decorative windows and doors - very simple.Leslie uses the weighted balls near the end of the walk to add more of a workout. After a brief cooldown, there are 10 minutes of abdominal exercises.Overall this is a quick little workout to get you moving in the morning. Sometimes the camera angles are a little odd, off to a slant for example so I deducted one star. But other than that its a great walk and a nice alternative to her Miracle Mile or another one mile walk. I like to use this walk when I am short on time or after lunch when I want to walk off my sandwich!
13/13
4.0
1109635200
0875167268
This is a wonderful book! In &quot;Thin Through The Power Of Spirit&quot; Lucia Capodilupo shares her ideas of how to &quot;Create Paradise in Your Weight and World&quot;. Instead of focusing on fat grams and calories etc. Lucia suggests we look to the Spirit within us all to find permanent weight loss. &quot;The first step to permanent weight loss begins in the soul&quot; according to Lucia. Lucia gives you mental exercises to do to become more aware of your spirituality. By doing so Lucia believes you can accomplish the type of body weight that is right for you. Exercises include learning to practise self forgiveness, to treat your body with love, to learn the art of gratitude etc. The techniques she shares are powerful and life changing. She also shares wonderful techniques to help resist temptation. I think the book is a wonderful guide to developing greater spirituality and creating the healthy life we desire.
27/27
5.0
959558400
B000052Y43
I have read that it takes 6-8 weeks for eyebrow hair to grow in fully. So about 1 year after I had overzealously plucked one of my brows and still had a bare patch I knew I was going to be partially browless for life unless I did something.Fortunately, I have fine blonde brows anyway, so I would take a bit of brow powder and tap it on the brow and voila it looked perfect. But I wanted to have brows without makeup too! An article in a womans magazine indicated that Rogaine worked on brows and I decided to try it.The magazine said to use the men's rogaine extra strength which is 5% minoxidil. I admit I was apprehensive. Would it sting or burn? There were warnings all over the box that it was for men only...what would it do to a woman - make me grow a mustache?But after looking in the mirror at my tadpole shaped eyebrow with part of the tail missing I buckled. I picked up a one month 2ml supply of Rogaine from the drugstore.The box looks large so I was surprised to open it and find a much smaller bottle that when opened was not even filled with product to the top. But I figured it would be enough for a brow. In addition to the product an eyedropper style applicator and directions on how to apply for hair loss were included.After more research (as Rogaine) does not give directions for brows, I found an article that described how to use it on brows. It said to brush the eyebrow to stimulate the area. (I used a small inexpensive eyebrow brush). Then apply the Rogaine with a q-tip, to that area.So twice a day I dabbed a q-tip in the liquid and applied it to the missing area. I felt no side effects. No rapid heartbeat. No weight gain (geez are they kidding). Did not experience any of the potential problems listed on the package. It did not sting or burn either and dried quickly so I could apply my eyebrow powder over it.Within about a month my eyebrow filled in! I was thrilled. And will say that the $25 the bottle set me back was well worth it. Let me add that my brows are very fine, it may take longer or (not work at all) on thicker brows.I would give the item 5 stars except it does not include directions for brows (why not?) since it works and also I have only used it for about 1 month so I dont know the long term results ie will those hairs fall out as another reviewer indicated?Right now I am pleased and delighted with my new brow!UPDATE: I discontinued use of Rograine when my brow grew in. After a few weeks I found that the brow once again appeared sparser. So it appears that applying Rograine a few times a week will be needed to keep the good result.
42/48
4.0
1112313600
B000052YDQ
I buy Carmex in the pot, stick and tube form. It's an excellent lip balm. Perfect to lubricate dry lips and according to the package it also heals cold sores.The pot Carmex has a firmer consistency than the tube, but is easily applied. I think the tube is more hygenic, however, because only a small quantity touches your finger at one time. With the pot you are running your finger over the entire surface. So though I love the product, for sanitary reasons I have to deduct one star.Carmex has a tingling sensation when you put it on that lasts for quite a while. As I mentioned in my review of the tube, I like to use Carmex when I feel like diving into cookies. Instead I just dab a bit of Carmex on my lips for a little to no calorie splurge.It tingles, moisturizers, heals, feels good, has a nice glossy look - what more could you want for a couple bucks! A good buy!
0/1
4.0
1110758400
B000052YDR
Over the years I have tried a number of different lip balms. Carmex rates at the top of my lip balm choices. Many of the lip balms I have used tend to be more drying than lubricating. Not the case with Carmex. Carmex works very well to moisten dry chapped lips. According to the package it also works on cold sores.Carmex "tingles" when it goes on. It has a spicy, peppery taste which lasts on the lips quite a while. And it gives the lips a nice sheen without being over the top glossy.The product applies easily without feeling greasy or gritty. One of the reasons I like Carmex is because when I want to nibble on something for reasons other than hunger, I can put a dab on my lips and voila have a neat little distraction that keeps me out of the cookie jar!Carmex is sold in a tube, pot and in stick form. I like all forms. And currently have about 6 assorted around my home. I keep one in my bag, one near my computer, next to my bed - you get the picture! The tube form has a vaseline type consistency and is easily dispensed, A quick squeeze on the bottom brings as much or as little product as you would like. This .35 oz size is perfect for purse or pocket.At under $2.00 Carmex is a bargain and one of life's simple pleasures your lips will enjoy!
1/2
5.0
1110758400
B000BO04YW
I recently purchased the Nespresso D290. It is a fabulous espresso maker and so easy to use. Pop a coffee capsule in the hinged lid. On the right side push the small or large coffee button depending on the amount you want. Voila a delicious cup of espresso with tasty crema!If you want to make a latte, simply push the steam button on the left. Attach either the pipe frother or the tube frother. Push the silver lever on the top of your machine forward. Forth your milk and enjoy!The Nespresso Club has a delicious range of coffees ranginng from strong to weaker and decaffinated. Though capsules must be ordered, delivery time is only 2 business days and a $5.95 charge no matter how much you order. You can also order accessories like cups, a frothing jug, spoons etc and the delivery charge stays the same. I purchased the special introductory offer tasing box. Nespresso knows what they are doing! I constantly try to keep the box filled with the coffee varieties because it's as decandant as selecting from a box of fine chocolates!The customer service at Nespresso is excellent. Very friendly people who know their products and understand the nuances of coffee making.The D290 is an excellent machine, very attractive, easy to use and produces a great product.The one drawback to the machine is the directions. I could not understand how to steam from the booklet provided and I have an advanced degree in education. But as I mentioned earlier, customer service at Nespresso is tops and when I had questions the representatives were very helpful and clear. Jeff and Judith, the two reps I spoke with were outstanding.Once I learned how to do it, the steaming/frothing process was very easy.Clean up on the machine is a snap. A small button lights up when the container is full of capsules and you simply empty it.The Nespresso D290 is a delightful machine. If you want tasty espresso thats easy to make...it's an excellent choice!
11/12
5.0
1132272000
B000F0GNT2
At first I was hesitant to ante up the $ to purchase the dermanew system, but after a few friends raved about it, I decided to buy it.The system includes a battery operated applicator tool (batteries are included), sponge tops for the tool, and dermabrasion cream.You pop a sponge on top of the applicator, put cream on it and apply to your dampened skin. I set a timer for 3 minutes and work the applicator around the surface of my skin.The results are great! Dead skin is sloughed off, circulation is stimulated and the results are glowing soft skin.My skin looks lovely and feels smooth to the touch. It felt soft and wonderful after the very first application!Dermanew sells other applicator sponges and creams separately to use with the applicator tool on your hands and feet.Though the initial price tag seems high, this tool will last for years and help you to glowing skin! I highly recommend it.
42/44
5.0
1108684800
1842220543
Its not often you find a book that challenges the intellect, is fun to read, yet appeals to many age groups. Al Seckel has accomplished this demanding task with his book &quot;The Art of Optical Illusions&quot;. Seckel presents the illusions as if you were touring an art gallery. He acts as a guide who lets you explore the visuals freely yet helps you understand them with succinct explanations if needed. Seckel does this by dividing his book into 4 gallerys. Each gallery includes a number of illusions, one per page. At the end of each gallery there are notes that help further explain the visual. You are able to enjoy and explore the illusions and reference the notes if you wish to know more. The illusions range from the simple to the more sophisticated. Each illusion is beautifully rendered thus enhancing its effects. I was delighted to find an old favorite,&quot;the floating finger&quot; and fascinated by many I had never seen including &quot;gesture of a dancer&quot;! Approximately 150 illusions are included, some in black and white others in color. The book is in large paperback format making it reader friendly. The quality of the pages, texture and thickness enhance the pleasure of discovering each illusion. This is a book that will stimulate creativity and provide hours of pleasure for young and old alike! A nice coffee table book that will be used!
12/12
5.0
973209600
1882180631
Over the years I have written a number of diet book reviews ... I am happy to say that LEAN FOR LIFE is the last diet book I will need to review. LEAN FOR LIFE WORKS and I don't need to read anymore diet books!The book "Lean For Life" has since been updated and retitled. It's now called "Lean For Life Phase One" and is available ... and at leanforlife.com. I would advise purchasing the new version instead of shelling out the extra money for an out of print copy of the original Lean for Life.Lean for Life Phase One is a book that you do. Each day you are given step by step directions to follow to mentally and physically achieve your weight loss goals.The program begins with a "prep" period where you buy the items you need for the diet and prepare yourself mentally.The next 3 days are protein days. You select protein choices from a given list. I was shocked to find that it was easy. I ate cheese, yogurt, drank milk, protein bars, nibbled on chicken, eggs and more.This is followed by a period where you add vegetables, grains and fruit from a list. The program is designed to get your body in a state of ketosis so you do not experience cravings, mood problems etc. AND IT WORKS!On previous programs I had cravings for sweets and could not stick with the plan. But with LFL your cravings (if any) are very manageable and you eat so you are not hungry!Each day adds in new mental concepts to work on to learn to become LEAN FOR LIFE. Exercise is also included - how much to do and when to do it for best effect.After a cycle of weight loss you go into a period of metabolic adjustment adding in yet more food. Then you can repeat the cycle of weight loss if you need to lose more or you can go on to the carefully designed maintenance plan. Everything is planned out so you will become LEAN FOR LIFE and not gain the weigh back!I have lost weight quickly, safely and with ease. It's a wonderful program and I highly recommend it! I am finally achieving my weight loss goals thanks to LEAN FOR LIFE!
83/83
5.0
1019260800
