Traveler
B00180IPNA
Casualties of War, despites some of its flaws, is quite faithful to the original text which was a true story. Not many people realize that "Sven Eriksson" is a real person who actually experienced much of what Michael J. Fox's character went through in the movie.But does it work as a movie? For the most part, yes. The two glaring problems with Casualties is the ending and some of the soundtrack music which DePalma uses to excess.The ending, as it's explained within the DVD extras, is purposely presented as uplifting. We see Eriksson on a San Francisco BART train awaking from his bad dream/memories. He sees a girl who could be the one who was murdered and raped in Vietnam. He calls out the Vietnamese girl's name. The woman responds that he must have had a bad dream, but it's all over now. And then we get the "uplifting" music that rises to a crescendo.Upon viewing the movie for a second time this ending is particularly bad. DePalma argues in the DVD extras that this positive ending was meant as a way to give the audience some relief. However, it's so hammy that it belittles the true story that precedes it. It's all a dream, it's all over, everything is now OK. But everything is not OK and everything is not over.Which brings me to the one thing that this DVD should have offered - more information about the true story behind the movie. Why not go to Vietnam and show where the incidents actually took place? "Eriksson" is actually a pseudonym of the real man who has apparently been in hiding due to death threats from the men he helped put in prison. How about some more information about where these men are today? Perhaps nothing more can be offered about Eriksson, but at least we could have been shown in the DVD what happened to the men who committed the crimes.I give the DVD five stars because this story is important. Americans so quickly forget these kinds of true stories. We quickly sweep them under the rug and say it doesn't matter. Casualties helps brings us back to reality, albeitly in a rather flawed manner.
19/24
5.0
1079568000
0877794685
The Webster's Third New International Dictionary is a huge and wonderful resource that has more than 400,000 definitions. It's probably the second most comprehensive behind the Oxford English Dictionary. And it's also straight out of 1961 and a total waste of your money.There seems to be two major arguments about this dictionary, both of which miss the point.First, there's the issue of prescriptive vs. descriptive. Most general users want a descriptive dictionary. We all know that, for example, "ain't" is bad English. But we also know that it's been spoken and written billions of times and thus should not be ignored simply because it offends those who speak or write properly.The far bigger issue here is whether or not you, the consumer, should buy THIS dictionary given that it's the same one they were publishing back in 1961. The primary argument for using this book is that we don't need a dictionary of current English and it's helpful to have something that explains words that might not be found in newer dictionaries. It's true that no one should need to look up "Internet" or "email." However, that doesn't make this dictionary any more valuable.The value of this edition as a tool in using older words is minimal. You can get this edition for a few bucks at a yard sale or a "friends of the library sale." If you need a dictionary like this right now, there is at least one alternative that will give you more accurate definitions as well as words you might encounter in your reading, especially older English literature. That dictionary is the Chambers 9th edition which was revised and published as recently as 2003. It has more than 300,000 definitions and goes back all the way to Shakespeare. It is one of the dictionaries of choice for Scrabble users (and that's saying something!) and English majors. While it might be a little smaller than the Webster's Third, it makes up for it in all other ways - including price. It's half the cost!There are countless examples that show why it's helpful to have a dictionary that's both modern and defines older words Take the word "negro." This dictionary defines it as an acceptable term for common usage. The Chambers defines it and then explains that it's now considered offensive. Look up "anti-Semite" - Webster's Third defines it not just as someone who has hostility towards Jews, but also anyone who opposes Zionism or sympathizes with who those who oppose Israel. Talk about a loaded political definition. Chambers, like any other modern English dictionary, defines it essentially (and more accurately) as "hatred of Jews." And with Chambers you can still look up a word that hasn't been written in a newspaper for about 100 years (e.g. "cark") and find the correct definition.You work hard for your money. Save it. If you need a dictionary that gives you definitions of older words buy the Chambers. If you simply must have the Webster's Third you can get it for a few bucks at a library sale.
22/25
2.0
1081036800
B00005JYAY
I just finished watching When Harry Met Sally for probably the tenth time. It's been years since I've seen it and I enjoyed watching it with a new girlfriend. I couldn't get over the fact that I still laughed several times, almost as if I'd never seen the movie before.My interpretation, after all these years, was that the movie showed how people and relationships evolve over the years and how this movie realistically depicted couples going through the paces of petty arguments, infatuation, etc. without stooping to sugary sentiment. I took Harry and Sally as unique individuals with their human quirks that made them more lovable. I didn't see them as somehow representative of "all men" or "all women."Then I watched the extra documentary on the DVD which I had never seen until now. Big mistake. My new "interpretation" of the film was suddenly cast aside as I remembered that I actually didn't like this movie as much when it first came out.Over time I had grown to accept the fact that I could still like a movie and its characters without actually agreeing with what they said or how they behaved. What I had forgotten was Billy Crystal's, Rob Reiner's (director) and Nora Ephron's (writer) agenda that these two characters actually were supposed to represent the genders. Gag.The views of the characters are presented as if they were fact. Men supposedly always think about sex and can't be friends with women. Most if not all women have faked an orgasm. All men are clueless to the fakery. And so on.I can only hope that these dinosour views are only representative of the Boomer generation and older folks (no one on this film is even close being a member of Gen X) because this does not represent the reality of all humans. You'll notice in the documentary that they only interview people above the age of 40 to "prove" their case. If they'd interviewed an empowered 25 year old woman maybe she would have let them have it - "No, I won't fake it. If he sucks in bed I'm going to tell him." And as for men, some of us younger ones are actually perceptive enough to actually know when the woman does fake it.None of this changes this classic film. That's the great thing about art - it's open to interpretation. I can watch this film and define it my way - two unique and funny people who took a long time to get their act together and fall in love. Otherwise, I'd hate this movie. But I won't give Reinder, Ephron et al that much power. Just because they were narrow minded about gender roles doesn't mean I have to be about their film.If you agree with the characters in the film, by all means, watch the documentary. But if you see the movie as being about two interesting characters, pass it by. Don't let a DVD extra taint your pov.
3/4
5.0
1161648000
B00007FYQU
I both love and hate this book at the same time. I imagine Maher brings out this response from many people. I do agree with many of Maher's libertarian views, despite being "liberal." But still, he's got some ideas that he can't back up with facts.One of my major beefs is that Maher seems to believe that we are at war with Islam -- all of Islam. Such views are not helpful. They only make matters worse by putting everyone in the same category. If we judged Christians as being all like Jerry Falwell no one who believed in Christ would look good either.Maher's support of profiling Arabs also doesn't make sense. There are tons of scenerios in which an old lady, a child, or a love struck 20 something could accidentally bring a bomb on board a plane. It's not about knowledge or intent, it's about manipulation. I want the old ladies frisked, including my mother! Why? Because some people are too trusting and just might make a mistake.There are other views expressed or, unfortunately, outright ignored. In one poster he highlights the stoning of Muslim women while at the same time ignoring the rape and brutualities towards women here in the US. In another essay he demands more funding for the Pentagon, the agency that gets more than 50 percent of the discretionary budget and was judged by the GAO as being the most mismanaged federal agency in the entire US government. Please! In another poster & essay he supports the reporting of suspicious activities to the government. On its face, that might make sense. But then remember how many idiots there are out there and how many people have an axe to grind with someone else.The good posters and essays, on the other hand, hit dead center. The "why they hate" us posters are great as is Maher's support for better pay and respect for firefighters, soldiers and police officers. The pages focusing on our over consumption of oil are perhaps the best, most notably the one on the front cover.Despite these criticisms, Maher brings a lot of ideas to the table. God knows we need more of that right now when so many people are so quick to throw the "un-American" label at those who dissent. Which brings me to one of the better posters & essays in the book: Speaking out IS an act of patriotism. I'll grant that to Maher, even if I disagree with half of what he says.
115/137
4.0
1036281600
0743249992
I'm not a blackjack player, but I do enjoy a good book. "Bringing Down the House" is a fast exciting read. But as I read I wanted to know more. Was the author being honest? After reading more than a hundred reviews I gained a new perspective in terms of the author, the subject, and the book critics.Readers who don't play the game, if they excuse some of the author's errors, will enjoy this book. It read likes fiction. If you take it at that level, with the understanding that some of what you're reading is true, you'll probably enjoy it immensely. You'll have to ignore some of the author's mistakes. For example, when he writes that Kevin's cheerleader girlfriend is touring with the Rams in the _spring_ it's pretty obvious that something is very wrong. Was the author misled? Maybe Kevin, the central character, was dating a cheerleader for the professional Arena Football League and wanted to spruce up his story by making her an NFL cheerleader? Hard to say. But it causes credibility problems given how glaring this mistake is.The second issue here is the depiction of playing blackjack. In the last chapter "Kevin" acknowledges that there will be periods of time where one loses and that it takes a huge bankroll to carry you through to the other side. That really isn't depicted in the book. One gets the impression that these MIT kids swooped in and kicked butt on every pass. The truth of matter is likely somewhat less glamorous. They probably won a lot and lost a lot, but came out ahead in the end.Another issue critics have raised is that anyone can count cards and one doesn't have to graduate from MIT to do it. Given the final chapter that seems to make sense. The author is guilty of some hype by stressing the MIT angle (let alone the fact that the title is extremely misleading). And "Kevin" is certainly guilty of embellishing his story and stressing parlor tricks (cutting the deck and playing so that a specific card is either given to the dealer or the player) over logical play.Then there is the issue of the math presented in the book. It's never clear just how much these people won. Some point to "Kevin's" claim at the end of the book that they never got less than a 30 percent return each year on behalf of their investors. Some charge that this proves there winnings were unimpressive. However, if Kevin's statement is taken along with the author's, then they did quite well.So do the math. The author states quite clearly that investors got 12 percent of the take. Say you have a total investment of 1 million dollars. The investors get 300,000. Now do the equation: .12x = 300,000. With x equalling total profit you get the total sum of 2.5 million dollars. That comes out to a 150% profit - not 30%! For every million they brought into the situation they took out an additional 1.5 million - each year. If (and it's a big if) this is true that makes for a fairly good profit margin.There seems to be two schools of thought regarding this book and its effect. There are those who think that the author gave away key secrets and has jeopardized card counting for all blackjack players. Then there are those who say the casinos love this book and would be happy to hand out copies to gamblers because it gives the impression that they can easily beat the house - which means more money for them. The truth is likely somewhere in the middle. To succeed at this, at least on the scale presented in the book, you likely need a large enough bankroll to absorb expected losses (which aren't really depicted in the book) and the ability to play intelligently and patiently. Chances are, the average gambler cannot do this. So perhaps its a little bit of both. The casinos like the false hype and are scared at the same time that someone will come along who can actually walk the walk.Last Word: Enjoy the fast read, but don't get caught up in the hype.
9/10
4.0
1092268800
B0001HYL0M
I had the previous Norelco introductory model for about two years. The rechargeable batteries, as others have noted, wore out rather quickly. I only use a trimmer about five months of the year and only a few times a week so I didn't really use the trimmer enough to justify it dying so quickly.Thinking this was all just a quirk, I bought this new model to replace the one I threw out. It was a total waste of money!The biggest issue is the lack of power in the motor. This thing, even when fully charged, will PULL the hair off your face if you trim too quickly. The blades just aren't moving fast enough. If you trim slowly you're OK. If you're in a hurry and trim quickly you're in for a painful surprise. I never had this problem with the previous model or any other beard trimmer for that matter.The second issue I have is with the trimmer head which they supposedly "improved" from the previous model. The new head is this delicate flap that goes up and down as you turn the dial. If you don't treat your trimmer delicately (and who does?) and throw this thing in your shaving kit or luggage you just might find that you've broken this small piece of plastic and thus made your trimmer completely worthless. I also found the new head to be very poor at keeping a unified level in my beard, something that really wasn't a problem before.Norelco has lost my business. The next trimmer I buy will be from another company. Based on many positive reviews here on Amazon it looks like Remington has some good models.
11/11
1.0
1195430400
B000GVVLKQ
I am not a fan of graphic novels, at least not normally. But Joe Sacco's "Palestine" stands out as the exception.Sacco shows us what everyday Palestinians experience through his interviews and his simple yet powerful drawings. It is not "propaganda" as some would suggest. It simply shows what people experience under the Israeli occupation.It's unfortunate that the critics of this book go after Sacco (and the positive reviewers) because they love Israel or defend its right to exist. "Palestine" is mostly about what Israel has done to the Palestinian people. That is fact. It is equally factual that some Palestinians have committed horrendous acts of terrorism. To point out the former does not mean you defend the latter. To suggest it does is nothing less than childish arrogance.My major beef with Sacco is his lack of aggressiveness on the issue women's rights and Islam. He gives us a few pages on the topic but these offer very little logic in showing what is ultimately a morally indefensible position - the subjugation of women for religious reasons.Despite this one criticism, and despite the wishes of Sacco's critics, "Palestine" will likely stand the test of time. It's one of those books that will be read and talked about 50 years from now when, hopefully, the Palestinians and Israelis will both have their own peaceful homeland.
12/16
4.0
1117411200
B00004S30N
This movie is actually deeper than you think.I didn't expect much when I went to see this. In fact, I expected the worst. Women don't usually run away from getting married, it's usually the men. So I assumed this was going to be a really bad joke with some pleasant looking actors. Well, I was wrong. This movie isn't really about a woman running away from commitment. It's about what many women experience as they lose themselves when they get married.Let me just back up a little . . . Once the 60's hit women began to demand more from their romantic relationships. Divorce went up, supposedly because of the pill and those &quot;damned feminists.&quot; A common theme came out of that: Women were not getting enough from their partners. (Hell, they're still not.) Anyway, lots of men, even today, gripe about how more women ask for divorce than men.This movie is the answer to those concerns! No one wants to watch a movie about a woman who is married for 20 years and then decides she's not happy because she lost herself to the man. It wouldn't even be a comedy. What the makers of this film did was back up and expose the woman being forced to change BEFORE she got married. It's the setup that allows this to be a feel good comedy instead of a dreary drama about divorce.Some people have said that this movie should have ended before the Fed Ex truck scene. Such an argument completely ignores the meaning of this film. Julia Robert's character hadn't grown. She needed to find out why she kept running away from relationships. Come to think of it, it's REALLY annoying to think that anyone believes the movie should have ended sooner. This movie is not about finding your prince and living happily ever after. It's about finding oneself first and then committing to the right person. There's a big difference.What I first thought was going to be an misogynistic joke actually turned out to be a critique of the entire western concept of marriage - that a woman has to lose her identity to get married. As a result, it subtlety gives men the message to wise up.I loved this film! (And by the way, I'm a guy.) I think every heterosexual woman should drag their boyfriend or spouse to this. They might learn something about themselves and teach the person they're with a little something as well. The only problem is, will they get the underlying message? Based on the reviews I've seen here and elsewhere, probably not.
5/10
4.0
1021766400
B00005NI7F
I've been taking photos with an SLR for more than 20 years. Unfortunately, I've always been on a tight budget and could never afford the best lenses.I've owned this lens for about eight years now. It is THE lens that remains on my Nikon 99% of the time. I've used it in some gritty situations - in Iraq, Brazil, the California desert and all across the US as I traveled.I have to disagree with an earlier reviewer who stated you "need" another lens. I have a Nikon made zoom that goes past 200mm and I think I've used it three times at most. This Sigma is my work horse. Its wide angle is perfect for landscapes and close ups. The longer range is just what you need for portraits. I don't shoot sports or wildlife so anything beyond 105 is overkill for me.One of the great features of this lens is the 2.8 aperature at 28mm. You're forced to use 4.0 or smaller as you zoom, but this is still fine for portraits and a blurred background.If you're still using a 35mm and you're on a budget this is a great lens to have. It hasn't failed me yet in eight years.
3/3
5.0
1117584000
0553096508
Quite simply, this is the book to read to begin your research on how the US policy towards Iraq has brought about so much conflict, strife and confusion.As offered with plain and clear irrefutable evidence, including copies of actual government memos, this book shows how many US politicians (many of them Republicans in the current Bush administration!) assisted Saddam up until his invasion of Kuwait in 1990.This was no mere minor fling. The US government was in bed with Saddam and the Ba'ath Party since the very beginning when they (the party) overthrew the nationalist government with assistance of the CIA. At the time our government provided hit lists to the Ba'athists. One of the hit-men who received those lists was none other than Saddam Hussein. And it off it went . . .After this book I highly recommend Said Aburish's "Saddam Hussein: The Politics of Revenge" which exposes further Saddam's brutalities and the complicity of the US government and how they helped him rise to power and stay there.From there readers should check out "George Bush's War" by Jean Edward Smith which shows, again with factual concrete evidence, how the US once again coddled Saddam right up until 24 hours after the invasion of Kuwait and then did a massive switcheroo and altered US foreign policy by _finally_ opposing Saddam and his brutal regime.Add it all up, beginning with this book, and you have a much clearer picture as to why many people across the globe, especially Arabs and Muslims, are skeptical of US motivations in Iraq today.
21/22
5.0
1099958400
B0028O9VE2
As a poor white guy who can sometimes cook and has dated women from many cultures, I can relate a bit to "John," Sandler's character. Still, as others have indicated, the man is far too saintly to be realistic. Any other guy would have blown his top at his wife's hysterics.Two of the biggest criticisms of "Spanglish," besides Sandler's character being too nice, is that Brooks, the director, is sexist for depicting an accomplished white woman, played by Leoni, as completely hysterical and racist because of how he handles the issue of Hispanic culture and American ideals.I've known a few ultra-rich liberal white families. "Deborah," Leoni's character is, unfortunately, not that unrealistic. I have personally witnessed a liberal white woman mistreat a Hispanic employee. And I've known more than one woman who could compete with Deborah's selfishness. I have also seen the mellow rich white guy who's clueless to his wife's rude behavior towards the Hispanic help. The only mistake Brooks made, in my experience, was in making Leoni's character too much of a caricature.The issue of racism is a bit more complicated. It should be obvious why Flor would want to keep her cultural identity and why should would want to pass this on to her daughter. But would she deny her the chance of a lifetime to receive a top education? It's a hard path to follow. It seems like Brooks had the right intention (honoring cultural independence), he just couldn't figure out a way to show it in a way that was appropriate.*spoiler alert*Unlike viewers who applaud the "family values" ending, I can't say I enjoyed the last five minutes. Staying married for the sake of being married is just stupid. It's so obvious that Flor and John belong together and that Deborah should be dumped in a heartbeat. Deborah is, quite bluntly, not just a lousy wife but also a horrible parent. All of the kids would be better off with Flor and John together.I applaud Brooks for his bravery in depicting (finally!) a father figure who is loving, supportive and, most importantly, non-traditional (egalitarian). Funny how some liberal critics missed that point. Flor and John are the ideal parents while Deborah, the clueless perfectionist, represents any bad parent, male or female.
4/7
4.0
1118102400
0679463178
Carolyn See's "The Handyman" is one of my favorite novels. As one Amazon reviewer put it, if you're an artist and/or seeking an authentic life you'll like it.Maybe my expectations of See after that novel kept me from appreciating "There Will Never Be Another You." But I don't think that's the case.I read through to about page 70 and just gave up. The characters all whine and complain. I didn't like a single one of them. They didn't need to be nice or perfect, just not whiny.The clincher for me was the scene at the dinner table with one child swearing and another child slamming his hand on the table and both parents going on as if this is all normal. That scene alone made me hate those two characters (the adults, not the kids who are just reflecting the parents) for being so clueless.I didn't even make into the major plot - if there is one. I just don't want to waste my time with these annoying characters.Carolyn See has been unfairly treated by many reviewers over the years. Not sure what that's all about. Her other work is truly great. So it's with reluctance that I slam this novel. But it's unfortunately true. "There Will Never Be Another You" is not a good read.
2/3
1.0
1212278400
B000C65YP8
After sitting through (suffering through, really) the last installment of Star Wars and the recent King Kong, with all their excessive CGI, poor character development and bad acting, I had the unexpected pleasure of seeing Lord of War on pay-per-view.Lord might have some detail inaccuracies (e.g. specific aspects of being an arms dealer or the function of Interpol), but it makes up for it in being dead on accurate when it comes to focusing like a laser on moral hypocrisy. Republican president Dwight D. Eisenhower warned us fifty years ago that the military-industrial complex would threaten this country and our world. While we've been sleeping this is exactly what has been happening.Lord of War takes this fact by focusing on a single man, Yuri, (played by Nicolas Cage) who is completely devoid of any moral concerns. For example, in one scene a dictator - a potential buyer - uses one of Yuri's brand new weapons to kill a nearby dallying soldier. Yuri screams in outrage and the dictator takes pause. How does Yuri dare challenge his absolute power to do as he pleases? Yuri then explains that he has now used the weapon and must now purchase it. The dictator laughs and Yuri's character establishes his credibility to both the dictator and to us, the audience. It's all about the product - the money - and ethical concerns are irrelevant.The last minute of the movie is an earth shattering statement about how the western world - those responsible for keeping peace and security in the world - are a central part of the problem of violence and war in this world. Just like the excellent Three Kings, Lord of War is destined to be a classic satirical statement about our world. While it might now have done well at the box office, it will surely be greatly admired years from now.In any other year Lord of War would be a moderately well made movie. In this season of films over filled with CGI and characters we could care less about, it easily ranks as one the best of 2005.
6/8
5.0
1136332800
B0002BO080
The various individuals on the show were asked to spend 4 months (which doesn't include the weeks they spent before the show preparing, taking classes, etc.) in a rural Maine setting under Colonial "rules."What Colonial House did was allow the participants to be who they were and THEN they explained what would have happened had they behaved that way in Colonial Days. As long as the PBS producers explained what _would_ have happened, both participants and viewers alike are given a learning moment. Furthermore, dissent to the norms of the period also had its educational upside. Many Americans think that the colonists were tolerant and accepting of other beliefs because they themselves were escaping persecution. Not so. And the Vorhees' behavior along with the narration helped show that.It's important to note that the original colonists did in fact commit acts that were far worse than what was shown in the series. One colonist was executed for bestiality. There were also a number of men who were severely whipped (the law stated they could be killed) for homosexual acts. Obviously, it's not human behavior that changed, but our laws and social acceptance. It is thus historically inaccurate to suggest that everyone on the show should have behaved a certain way. More importantly, it would have been utterly inhumane and cruel to enforce such rules. The only way Colonial House would have been historically accurate would have been if people went ahead and broke the rules and then received severe physical punishment for their actions. Thankfully, reality TV has not yet stooped to such levels.All of this leads me to believe that the critics of this show either don't know their history or, more likely, they aren't so much concerned about historical accuracy as they are their own political agendas which deny certain historical truths.I just came back from Plymouth Plantation which was heavily involved in the production of Colonial House. They have two of the original buildings from the show which they now incorporate into their presentation. Of course, Plymouth Plantation is still the way it's always been. You walk among the buildings and you can interact with a dozen or more people in period clothes and acting in the role of one of the original colonists. Obviously, they better than the participants on Colonial House in showing people what life was "really like." However, one must keep in mind that each of those people, besides being paid actors, goes home at 5 p.m. after the tourists are gone. It's a lot easier to stay in character when you've got the 21st century waiting for you at home.Critics need to keep all of that in mind. If you want everyone to stay in character then watch a movie of the period with paid actors. Demanding than modern individuals go through the experience 24 hours a day (along with historically accurate punishments) with zero relief for four months would have been nothing less than sadistic.I would agree that it would have been good if the Colonial House participants could have stayed in character more. But this is a minor problem. My bigger complaint is that the show seemed too short given how many months they were in production. They had four months to tape and they produced eight episodes. It also seemed like most of the material covered the early months while not offering much insight into the last six weeks of the experience.Overall, this is a four star effort. Sure it could have been better. But's it's far better than what many critics are arguing. And it _is_ educational. You can't say that about many "reality" TV shows on the tube.
40/56
4.0
1095465600
B000HF2PLK
Part "The Time Machine" (unfortunately, the 2002 version), part Jurassic Park, with the production values of "The 13th Floor" (not a compliment).Ben Kingsley stars as the owner of a company that's able to send people back in time, for a large fee, on a short safari to shoot a dinosaur. The two primary rules for each participant are to not change anything in the past or bring anything back to the present. By accident, one customer breaks both rules.There's a paradox in time travel that if you go back in time and do something to negate your existence how is it that you are there to travel back in time? The logical outcome I suppose is that, in theory, you simply disappear.That issue is explored (if you can put it that way)in "A Sound of Thunder." But the writers played super fast and loose with logic and came up with the theory of "time waves." The changes in the past are not immediate in the present, but sweep forward in sequential waves. In Thunder that means that life itself evolves with each wave. The writers had to use this device because otherwise they wouldn't have a movie at all. The paradox would destroy the very basis of the entire picture. The time waves add suspense, but they destroy the believability of the film. Yes, it is sci-fi, but all good sci-fi must follow logical rules even if they aren't based in reality.Ben Kingsley is interesting to watch at times, but he's played this role before and better. Edward Burns does his usual schtick. The mild love interest/angst with a female character is unremarkable as are the rest of the cast.This is probably a good movie for younger teens on a Sunday afternoon, just like the old days. But even then, it's forgettable.
1/4
3.0
1184371200
B00013WGZ8
In an earlier review I lamented how Techtool had seemed degraded in its performance since its upgrade to vers. 4.0 and Mac OS X compatibility. I have since learned that Symantec, maker of Norton Utilities, has indeed decided to no longer upgrade their general utility program. (According to news reports, they will continue to upgrade their virus and Internet Security software.)So what does this mean for Mac users? For one, DiskWarrior is a must have. As for Techtool, there's almost no choice - you have to have a general utility that's more powerful than Apple's rather weak First Aid. Here's hoping that Micromat comes up with a good update to Techtool and gets it back to the days of when it was arguably the best utility for the Mac.
39/42
4.0
1089590400
B00013WGZ8
I've been using Macs and utility programs such as Techtool and Norton for about a decade now.Through the years I would say that Norton Utilities and Techtool have traded back and forth in the top position as the best utility to own. As a fan of Techtool 3 I would say that Micromat had the better product for several years.I can't say that now.Running a B&amp;W upgraded to a 500 MHz G4 with ample RAM I've yet to find Techtool 4.0.4 useful - under either Mac OS 10.2 or 10.3. My first major problem Techtool couldn't fix and I quickly purchased a copy of DiskWarrior which, although slow, fixed the problem. But DiskWarrior only fixes the disk directory. You need a broader utility such as Techtool or Norton for general errors.Now I've got some new problems with my hard drives (I have three in my machine). Techtool says it found the errors and, if I want them fixed, I have to redo the test with the &quot;repair on&quot; button checked. Well, the button _was_ checked. Infuriating.Overall, I'd say that Techtool 3 was a far better product. The interface seemed far more friendly and you knew that when you told the program to automatically fix errors that it would do so. Unfortunately, Vers. 3 isn't meant for OS X.I'm giving Vers. 4 three stars, not because of what it has done, but because I assume it will earn its keep eventually - or perhaps they'll release an update to this version which will address these problems. In any case, you never can have too many disk repair utilities. Still, I think it's time to venture back to Norton to see what they've got cooking. It certainly can't be any less functional and helpful than this.
38/43
3.0
1082678400
0140129855
It's funny how some books, no matter how well written or well balanced, still get attacked for what they present us.Yoram Binur is a Jew who speaks Arabic and can pass for a Palestinian. As a journalist he decides to enter into that world to see how the other half lives. What he sees and feels cannot be debated, negated, ignored or even criticized. It just is.What Yoram experienced was an everyday existance of discrimination from the Jewish Isrealies he encountered. He wasn't brutally attacked or beaten or spit upon at every corner. No, his story is far more subtle. What he describes is a life of an outcast, of what it feels like to be someone who's viewed as &quot;less than,&quot; as the &quot;other.&quot;The routine details of this life are in fact some of the most important in the current debate about the situation in Israel. What Binur experiences is essentially the seed that has helped bring about the larger forms of violence with each side upping the ante. It doesn't start with a bulldozer destroying a Palestinian home. And it doesn't start with a Palestinian bombing a sidewalk cafe and killing a dozen innocent civilians. It starts with everyday hatred - and that's what Binur so clearly gives us.We already know that some (not all) Palestinians refuse Israel's right to exist. What we need, as Americans who have blindly supported Israel no matter what it does, is to see how some Israelis (not all) haves refused the Palestinians a right to their homeland - and their dignity. Binur's book is a step in the right direction in learning that lesson.
12/14
5.0
1081382400
B000UWGO3A
Ever since this film was released I've observed people arguing about its value. Frankly, none of it mattered to me that much. I was curious to see what the fuss was about, but not really that motivated to actually go and see "Lost" in the theater or even rent it for that matter.Now, after seeing this film, I am fascinated by not just the movie, but also all these negative reviews!Most movies give you two hours which are a super hyper-condensed version of reality. In many cases this creates an absurd pacing. Humans and events just don't evolve that quickly. But audiences, particularly here in the US, demand immediate emotional satisfaction. The boy always gets the girl, the Americans always win the battle, the bad guy always loses, etc. etc. This kind of plot and pacing is not just unrealistic, it's absolutely monotonous. So many movies in the US are just the same thing over and over and over.And then a movie like "Lost in Translation" comes along. Coppola slows the pacing so that it's more realistic. She refuses to pander to the expectations of an American audience. She wants to show us what it actually feels like to be an observer in another country that you don't understand. To add to the realism and surrealism she throws in multiple characters who are also having the same experience. All of this is the context surrounding an unconsummated love between a younger woman and an older man.I'm more saddened than amazed at the hostility towards this film. To understand "Lost" you need to empathize with the characters. You need to know that uneasy sense of alienation when you're in another country and don't a have a clue about what's going on around you. More importantly, you need to know what it's like to be committed to someone else and meet another person you would really really like to get to know under different circumstances.Most Americans don't even have passports. More and more, Americans on all sides of the political spectrum demand news and media that conform to their point of view. Empathy has become a rare commodity. All of this, it seems, results in a lot of people just not getting a movie like "Lost." Something is wrong with American audiences - something wrong with their psyches, their expectations and their sense of humanity - if they feel they have to hate this movie.
5/8
5.0
1114646400
1587244365
&quot;Catch Me If You Can&quot; is a fun and enjoyable read and is easily as good as many current novels. If you like the movie the book will be even more interesting because it goes into detail about Abagnale's exploits. In fact, in many ways the book is actually more interesting than the movie.For example, many movie viewers couldn't figure out how Abagnale escaped an airplane via the bathroom toilet. This actually happened and is described in the book. Abagnale also describes in far more detail the extent to which he researched how to look and act like a real airline pilot. It's mind boggling how much effort he was willing to put into it.Despite how fun it is to read, &quot;Catch Me if You Can&quot; has one huge glaring flaw: the ending.We know that Abagnale has worked with the banking industry for many years now in helping them improve their security. What we don't really know, at least from him directly, is how he went from being a swindler to being a high paid consultant. On a psychological level this is the meat of the story. OK, he had a ball being a fake pilot, doctor and lawyer. But what did he learn? Anything? This is where the book falls into the definition of fluff. Because we have no meaning, no explanation, all we're left with are outrageous exploits and escapades.All of this begs the question: Did Abagnale actually learn anything? Or is all of this just a further continuation of the con he started as a kid? I don't know either way. It's too bad because Abagnale likely has a few things to teach us - especially at-risk youth who tend to think they're invincible. Unfortunately, the message Abagnale seems to be giving us is that you CAN get away with it. While that's certainly true (just look at ENRON!), it doesn't help that the author shows so little remorse or an explanation of how he changed.
3/4
3.0
1089072000
B000R1A0L6
When I first saw this game I immediately thought, "Cool, it looks like the old game Rampage." That, combined with the Wii controls, caused me to think that I was in for a certain kind of experience. Unfortunately, I was a bit disappointed.The controls for this game are not as intuitive as I had hoped. It feels like they didn't put a lot of thought into adapting the game specifically for Wii users. (I'd say that for many Wii games actually - although I really love the Wii overall.)I can't say too much about the extended game play. This one left me cold right out of the gate so I didn't play it that much at all. Again, because I was expecting to pick up the controls and feel like I was really moving Godzilla around, knocking down buildings and fighting other monsters. I honestly would have had more fun playing Rampage.Video gamers have tended to be under 25. The Wii changed the market and expanded to people of all ages. I'm older than 25 so my expectations for the controls was likely a lot higher than someone who's used the PS3 or Xbox. To them this game might actually be far too simple.I'm passing this one along to my teenage nephew. If his opinion is much different than mine I'll post an edit to this review.
0/1
3.0
1203552000
1586216279
The "Dogs of Babel" starts off like Marc Levy's "If Only It Were True," a story about a man who is the only one capable of communicating with a woman in a coma. This is both a compliment and a criticism. Levy's book is a very quick good read, kind of fluffy but also entertaining, and will never be called "literature." Still, Levy's book, with all of its silliness, has stuck with me.The problem with "Dogs" is that it starts off totally plot driven. The central character, a man whose wife has just died falling out of a tree, feels almost flat in his personality. He doesn't even really express grief about what has happened. So you read this and you think you're reading genre fiction. Fast and light with an emotional payoff at the end.Then about two thirds of the way through the book the author goes literary. What's the point? I read the book several months ago and I've already forgotten! I read "The Lovely Bones" (which also deals with death and healing) by Alice Sebold immediately after "Babel" and it was a far better read and far more meaningful both in terms of genre and literary merit.I understand that "Babel" has its fans, especially those interested in characters dealing with death and depression. I can see the book's value in addressing some of those issues. Still, it's unlikely it will stand the test of time - as either literature or genre fiction.
7/10
3.0
1105142400
B00004YV3T
My family has had a Pit game in the house for literally decades. I think one deck was even owned by my grandparents back in the 50s.Pit is a high intensity game that's fun to play with a minimum of five people. For some reason the fun factor in the game gets reduced if you play with fewer people. It's also cross generational. The last game I played had a young child and a senior citizen. But truthfully, a child younger than, say, 11 or 12, can have a hard time following the flow of the game.I can't give high marks for the education value of Pit. But that's not really what this game is about. If you want something that's a little silly, gets people to open up, that's just fun, Pit is a good choice. But if you want to "learn" something (like Scrabble), choose something else.
7/8
5.0
1055462400
0859533662
"War and Peace" explains violence in simple, poetic terms.It starts off by depicting a minor tiff between a brother and sister, then a whole family, then the family against an outside threat, and then applies the whole thing to the fact that nations go to war. This explanation, unfortunately, does not do the book justice.It is, quite simply, probably the best book you can find to show a child -- maybe even a adult! -- that war is just stupid. The graphics are also quite good and complement the text quite nicely.I've purchased over a dozen copies of this book over the years as gifts. As a former US Army soldier, I can't recommend it enough.
7/8
5.0
1022976000
B00067IEE6
There are several moments in "Love Actually" which make it clear that this is a British movie and not an American one. It's as if they combined "Notting Hill" with splashes of "A Fish Called Wanda" or "Monty Python" and maybe even a drop or two of "Benny Hill." For an American audience this means that the movie will be at times funny and romantic, at others perplexing if not even offensive (to some).Many of the criticisms of this movie seem to be coming from the American perspective. It's true, the whole faux sex (while naked) thing between one couple is something you wouldn't see in American film. The art gallery with sexual images is yet another example. It's hard to believe that Americans would find any of this even remotely romantic.A lot of "Love Actually" is a statement about the British feelings toward the US. It's obvious that quite a few Brits find it amusing that some American women will go ga-ga over a British accent, regardless of the attractiveness of the bloke speaking.The most ignorant criticism of this movie, however, is the anger about what some think is an "anti-Americanism" because the prime minister (Hugh Grant's character) stands up to the US president. Some have foolishly suggested that this was some sort of of left wing agenda on the producers part. I can only assume that such viewers don't access the news beyond Fox or their local paper.Several polls have shown a majority of people on the planet, including in Britain, do not trust Bush. More importantly for this film, soon after 9-11 the British public, while sympathetic to US citizens, believed that Prime Minister Tony Blair was like "George Bush's poodle." A majority of British citizens did NOT support Blair and saw him as a kiss-up to Bush. The director of "Love Actually" was no fool. He or she knew that British audiences wanted a leader who would stand up for Britain and not blindly follow the US. So the director simply gave them what they wanted. (Btw, it's not that Thorton is supposed to be Bush. Rather, he simply represents US arrogance.) If some viewers don't like that, well, maybe they need to figure out why British citizens feel that way. You can't blame the director."Love Actually" is a very funny movie and it is, at times, romantic. However, it is a movie with British sensibilities. It is not for those with conservative tastes regarding sexuality (especially interracial) or those who can't deal with how many people in the world view the US.
11/14
4.0
1121558400
B000AJJNFE
This review is for anyone who hasn't heard of Battlestar Galactica and doesn't get more than 20 channels on their cable box let alone the Sci-Fi channel.If you want a drama that sucks you in with developed characters, emotionally intense plot (the destruction of all humanity), and a believable setting (even if it's sci-fi) then you will like BSG. Think ER in its best years on steroids or the best episodes of Lost.I'm one of those people who gets only basic cable and I'd never seen a single episode until I purchased this DVD set. I hate to admit it, but within a single day I'd watched six hours of the show - and it seemed like half that.There seem to be some people who really hate this show and I can't figure that out. Some of them are upset that this is so different from the original 1970s series. Nostalgia aside, if the new BSG was like the original it would be a campy farce, not a dark drama.There's always a danger of over hyping a show. People watch a show or movie after hearing that it's the best thing since sliced bread and think, "That was OK, but nothing to get that excited about." So don't fall for the hype. If you love good television like Lost, if you like quality sci-fi, give BSG a serious look. You'll be glad you did.
3/4
5.0
1165795200
B00005S6IL
The most unique feature of this can opener is that it prevents the lid rom falling inside the can. This is both a huge convenience (how many times has a lid fallen into a can of soup or sauce and you have to fish it out?), but it's also just cleaner. The tops of cans can be easily contaminated - from mice in your home to contamination caused in transit from something spilling onto the lid. I'm not aware of any other openers with this feature.The one drawback is that it's not as simplistic to use as it appears. However, once you get the hang of it it works perfectly.Once you've used this opener you won't want to go back.
6/7
5.0
1088380800
B00000IWH9
The deluxe edition of Scrabble completely surpasses the general version. If you play Scrabble with any frequency, you will enjoy this edition so much more than the cheaper version.As everyone knows, the grids keep the tiles in place and the board rests atop a "lazy Susan" which allows you to spin the board around as each player gets to his or her turn.I've played with several variations of the deluxe edition, dating back a few decades. In the older versions the board was raised only an inch or so which meant that if someone's rack of letters was nearby it would likely get clipped by the board. This was an annoying drawback to the board. The most recent edition, however, has been improved. The board is now raised a little higher so that it is above the height of each player's rack. Also improved was the base itself which allows for storage of all the letters and the racks.Also improved is the top surface of the board. Every older deluxe version I've played on had an annoying clear plastic which reflected bright light. This new version has a more subdued texture which is far more pleasing to the eye and has very little if any glare. I'm not sure if I'm using a different version or not, but I have to disagree with those who say this new surface is vulnerable to spilled liquids. The edition I'm using (which is only one year old) is a kind of plastic that will withstand just about anything spilled on it.The only drawback I've seen is that the board, while better designed, just feels a little more "cheap" than previous editions, possibly because of its reduced weight. Other than that, I highly recommend the deluxe edition.
12/12
5.0
1055462400
B000OXA91S
Humor and feminist fiction in the same breath? Is such a thing possible? Author Cheryl Benard certainly seems to be proving her point with her first novel, "Moghul Buffet." I read her second novel, "Turning on the Girls," and found it to be neck deep in sarcasm and humor, but also naive and judgmental. Regardless, I was so blown away by Benard's satire and skewering of her subjects that I just had to check out her earlier work.There are so many sub-plots to Moghul that I'm not even going to try to describe them all.It's odd that the "official" description of this book is slanted towards the male perspective. Micky Malone and Iqbal are important characters, but the story doesn't revolve around them. Indeed, the main character is Fatima, a sixteen year old girl who's raped by a fanatical Muslim zealot and then forced into prostitution by the female head housekeeper. Things go from bad to worse for Fatima as she is threatened and beaten by the various men in her life. At the core of the story is the farcical notion that Fatima is behind all the mysterious murders that are taking place in Peshawar.Just like "Girls," Benard has created something that defies categorization. "Moghul" is fiction, murder mystery, feminist theory, social commentary and humor all wrapped into a small package of 264 pages. And also just like "Girls," Benard targets everyone from US imperialism to Muslim misogyny. Take, for example, the following passages:"Before interrogating or accusing an American, Iqbal, ask yourself one thing: is this person worth an F-14 fighter jet?"And:"A good Muslim man prefers his women to die modestly, in his tent. And a good Muslim woman, " Mara lectures, in the hopes of grinding on the nerves of the Muslim woman who stands before her, "if she has any decency at all, will prefer to be shoveled straight into her grave rather than display her body to one of the leering, depraved foreign doctors who staff our clinics."Perhaps other readers will blanch at such passages, particularly the latter, but I found myself at least chuckling as Benard took her aim and fired. At the very least, she's consistent, not tolerating the excesses of either Western or Eastern cultures.With that said, I can see at least two patterns in Benard's writing that are quickly getting on my nerves.For one, both "Moghul" and "Girls" have moments where Benard interjects her sarcastic omnipotent narrator perspective. It is funny at times. In fact, she can be frequently hilarious. However, she's followed the same pattern in both her first and second novels. As a new fan of her biting social commentary, I hope her third ditches this repetitive device. It works once, maybe twice, but continuing to rely on it will only reflect her inability to create something new.My second major criticism is almost identical to what I thought of "Girls." Ms. Benard needs to seriously get out in the world and meet different kinds of men. Both books generally had two kinds of males: Those who were violent, and mean (alpha males) and those who were kind and considerate but are absolutely clueless about the realities of gender issues (perhaps on the cusp of being beta males). In the case of "Moghul," Benard presents countless men who fit the former description and three of the latter. These include the American Micky Malone, Fatima's protective brother, and a college student who believes that Fatima is a righteous prostitute because she "represents all the oppressed of the Third World." Benard is particularly harsh on all three of these males and more than once illustrates their ignorance by pointing out how convenient it is for them to talk about gender justice and equality while obviously conveniently inhabiting the body of a privileged male. Only once does Benard divert from this path when it's revealed that Micky was forced as a child to suffer the beatings and humiliation of larger males.This is the same pattern in "Girls": The women always get it, the men, at best, try but still remain out in la la land. This is ridiculous considering both the real world and Benard's own writing. In direct contrast to the men, Benard presents us with at least four female characters who she, at most, only mildly ridicules. It was pretty obvious to me that she saw them as realistic, pragmatic, and generally supportive of women's equality. Fair enough, especially since she also gives us women in the story who oppress other women. But where are the male equivalents? In the real world this kind of thing just doesn't wash. There are sexist patriarchal females and egalitarian males. Benard, just like in "Girls," either doesn't see this part of the world or refuses to interject it into her writing.Despite these criticisms, I'm still a fan of Benard's work. I love how she's able to reveal society's moral inconsistencies with humor and sarcasm. You won't finish her books and think, "Well that was a real downer!" Still, I wish she would expand her horizons a bit. If she ever happens to read this review, I hope she will get this message: Please , PLEASE, incorporate some males who "get it" into your writing.
8/9
4.0
1022630400
B000NLR0QS
As someone not well educated on ancient history I have to take James and Thorpe's views with a certain level of authority. Besides, I was never one to believe the whole Atlantis nonsense. Likewise, much of the Bible comes off as myth to me. So much of what the authors present here is seemingly logical.However, in the very first chapter on page 16 the authors write: "Two decades ago some scientists were predicting the impending arrival of a new Ice Age - despite global warming. (One British scientist, with astounding carelessness, predicted both effects in consecutive radio interviews within two days."This is troubling because it so clearly disregards certain theories that do indeed have legitimacy in pointing towards _both_ global warming and a new Ice Age. For example, there are scientists who believe that the melting ice caps (caused by global warming) are lowering the temperature of ocean water around Europe which could cause a form of an Ice Age for the region. One can't be certain as to the scientist they're mocking, but the quick dismissal of this view is troubling because recent evidence suggests that both are distinctly possible without contradicting each other.Have the authors, in their rush to judgement, made the same mistakes elsewhere in the book? I have no idea.So much of this kind of history is theory so I can't be too hard on the authors. However, I do think one needs to have a little bit of skepticism in the portions of the book where the authors are too quick to dismiss a viewpoint without fully explaining why its wrong. And oddly enough, they seem to spend quite a bit of effort going after theories that most people, at least that I'm aware of, don't put much stock into in the first place.The theory of Atlantis, for example, is given quite a bit of ink. This seems odd because it is rather a fanciful theory to begin with. The evidence put forth by the author's here is enjoyable to read and logical.I leave the other gaps in the book to those with more knowledge. Suffice to say, I could do without some of the authors' tone in the book which was at times a little too arrogant. But still, it's a good read and a _start_. Given their views about weather patterns, I'd recommend doing further research before taking their views as the end of the debate.
6/11
4.0
1080691200
B000315XOY
This small love seat and futon bed is perfect for a small apartment or living space and is quite versatile - more so than what you see here in the photos and description. It functions as a lounger, a love seat and a bed. What's not shown in the photo is that you can place the mattress in two ways which changes the look and comfort when in the love seat position. If you place the mattress horizontally it creates a soft and puffy layer around the arm rests. This makes the futon wider but ten times more comfortable, intimate and pleasing to sit on.I did a ton of research looking for a small futon and this is easily one of the most inexpensive and the most versatile. You can actually pay far more and get a lot less. This specific style model, under a different name, is also sold on other sites such as Fingerhut for about 50 bucks more. As of this writing Amazon is about the cheapest place you can find this style.The big drawback is the assembly instructions. The first portion, which explains how to separately assemble the three individual sections (foot rest, seat, and back sections) is straightforward and easy to do. The next step - how to put all three sections together - is a nightmare. And I'm speaking as someone who has worked for companies assembling basic consumer goods such as this. It was at this point that I ignored the instructions altogether and used the photo as a guide in understanding how to finish the job. For others this could be a major problem. If you have had difficulties in the past putting things together you'll want to seek help from others.
31/31
5.0
1110672000
B000FEHG76
After months of research I have to say that the 8700g is probably the best smartphone available for T-Mobile. That's even including the new "Pearl" that includes a camera function.If you really need a multi-fuction business oriented smartphone you're very likely going to need email access, a somewhat larger screen (larger than what you get on a regular cell), a qwerty keyboard, and reception that compares to a good cell phone.The Blackberry Pearl has a smaller screen and keyboard. The SDA has those problems plus a poor reaction time when leaving and entering coverage areas. The MDA is just a bad cell phone. (And let's not even talk about the Sidekick.) The Blackberry 7100t has the smaller keyboard and is simply a less powerful and slower smartphone.As of late 2006, if you're on T-Mobile and you need a smartphone to access the Internet and email, this is the one to have. I say this even with the "soon to be released" 7130 which I believe is faster, but still more like the 7100t in terms of limited functionality.With that said, the 8700g does have its flaws. Some minor and one very big one.While the reception of the 8700g is very good - better than some of the normal phones I've used, it still could be better. I found it be a tad less receptive than my older Nokia 6101. This has caused problems as I only get one to two bars in my home. Most of the time it's OK, other times I get poor reception. That never happened with the Nokia.My biggest gripe is that there's no Wi-Fi. If you live in an area with complete cell coverage then perhaps this won't matter to you. I live in a semi-rural area where some locations have zero cell coverage. However, within those areas are countless Wi-Fi hotspots where I could access the Internet. This is absolutely necessary for my work. To address this problem I picked up a Palm PDA. To be blunt, however, I just wish Blackberry would offer this function. It's something that professional reviewers on sites such as cnet note as a problem in all their reviews.On a far lesser note, I wish the interface was more clean or, at the very least, allowed the user to change it more. For example, on other phones things like alarm clock, calculator, etc. will get group together within a single folder. Here they all get their own menu choice. This creates unneeded clutter. I'd like to be able to group them together. And speaking of alarm clock - for a business oriented phone, this function is poor at best. It completely lacks a timer function. For example, if you want to take a quick 15 minute cat nap you have to go in and program the alarm clock to go off at a specific time instead of just setting it for 15 minutes.The other interface problem is that the scroll wheel button does not have a consistent pattern. In some programs clicking it is the same as hitting the return key. In other programs it brings up a menu. After awhile you get the hang of which programs do what. Nonetheless, this creates an unneeded learning curve to a basic function. They really need to have a return key function button right next to the scroll wheel. This would allow for consistency and make it easier to hit return without having to first scroll on the right and then switch to a key on the front.Lastly, on the plus side, the 8700g, despite what some claim, does allow for other bluetooth devices besides an earpiece. I have a Shasta keyboard that works great. According to some manufacturer sites, it's also possible to use a bluetooth scanner, although I've yet to try it.Overall, I'm very pleased with the 8700g. (Can't say that about either of my last two new phones - a Samsung and a Nokia.) I also look forward to buying a Blackberry in the future when perhaps they've added Wi-Fi and improved the interface a bit.Edit: As of around mid-October, T-mobile will finally release a smartphone with (stereo!) bluetooth and Wi-Fi. It's called Dash and it looks a lot like a Blackberry, but runs Windows Mobile. Besides the badly needed Wi-Fi, the phone also has a 1.3 camera and video, takes a memory card, is MyFaves capable, and allows for short voice recordings. And here's a clincher - it also shares the Blackberry push email capability. Drawbacks - fickle keys that sometimes don't work (especially the volume controls).Would I buy the Dash instead of the 8700g if I was buying now? Probably. Such is life when it comes to technology. Always changing.
27/29
4.0
1158537600
B00007ELES
I read "Waking the Dead" a few months before watching the movie. I was thus certainly biased in a certain direction in favor of the book.Keith Gordon, who also directed the outstanding and under-appreciated films "A Midnight Clear" and "Mother Night", stays pretty much faithful to the original material by Scott Spencer. It's obvious that films are different than books and directors need a certain amount lattitude to change the story as needed. Gordon certainly left a lot of the story on the cutting room floor and that is, for the most part, not a problem.What is the problem is that Gordon didn't flesh out Sarah's story and, as a result, offers a skewed ending that the book doesn't share.Spoiler AlertSarah and Fielding are not "opposites" as many suggest. They happen to agree politically. They're both "liberals." Where they disagree is on tactics. The problem with the film is that we don't really see enough of Sarah to understand just how different her tactics are compared to Fielding and why, ultimately, she chose to go away. The movie's ending is ambiguious about the fate of Sarah. Did she die or didn't she? The book shares some of this approach, but it strongly leans in the direction of Sarah having faked her death. In the book Fielding meets with a priest who states that Sarah is alive. And when Sarah and Fielding finally meet at the end Sarah explains how she is living underground and continuing her work. We're given, at least in the text, a reason why Sarah chose the path that she did. Gordon, however, mostly gives us Fielding's side of things. In the process he detracts from the central conflict and ends up with a rather wishy-washy ending.I strongly recommend this film. The DVD has many interesting extras, including many deleted scenes and a commentary by Gordon. Unfortunately, there doesn't seem to be anything on the DVD from the original author, Scott Spencer. That's too bad because I think he could have added some really interesting insights about the story overall. And of course, read the book which is, as usual, even better than the movie.
17/20
4.0
1090022400
0550150102
Thesauruses (or thesauri - either is correct) come in basically two flavors: Dictionary form (like this one), or by theme (like Roget's International).If you prefer Roget's then you'll no doubt stay away from the Chambers Compact. I personally dislike the theme versions. They just feel like I'm being forced to think like the editors.In the world of dictionary form thesauri the Chambers stands out above the rest.It is far and away the easiest on the eyes. Using black text offset with light blue the book allows you to focus on different aspects of the text. The light blue text indicates the form of speech such as verb, adjective, etc. There's also good white space so that the black text stands out. The entries themselves are interspersed with valuable nuggets of information. Look up the word &quot;government&quot; and you not only get a list of synonyms, but also a list of the various forms of government such as monarchy, plutocracy, democracy, etc. On the same page you'll see entries for the words &quot;gourmet&quot; and &quot;gourmand&quot; along with a separate boxed entry explaining how each is different. These are all very nice touches. The Chambers Compact is also thorough with over 350,000 synonyms.Combine all of this with a reasonable price and one has to wonder why it's not more popular. Is it because it offers both British and American words? Perhaps. But anyone who uses a thesaurus frequently enough will want one that's easy on the eyes. I've seen nothing that compares with the Chambers version - not even Oxford. And certainly not from Webster's.I've found that it's difficult to view a copy of the Chamber's Compact before you purchase. If you want to get a small taste of the what the text looks like visit the Chambers main web site.
4/5
5.0
1086307200
B00014SGKQ
The Coen brothers have directed and produced a long list of eclectic films that are part drama and part comedy with a dash of their distinct warped view of the world. Their films include titles such as Raising Arizona, Fargo, The Big Lebowski, and The Hudsucker Proxy.If you've watched any of these movies you'll know that the Coen brothers don't draw within the lines. Their style is distinct.I rented this flick with zero expectations. I didn't even know it was a Coen brothers movie until I saw the beginning credits. I immediately knew what to expect. Unlike some viewers, I did laugh. And I did think it was a little romantic at the end. However, I did think that the second half dragged and was not nearly as good as the first.I happen to like most Coen movies. Others don't. "Intolerable Cruelty" is not their best work, not by a long shot. Still, the number of negative reviews of this movie and the content of those reviews belabors the point. Do you like Coen movies? If yes, you'll probably find this one acceptable. If you don't then avoid this one like the plague. It's just that simple.
5/7
4.0
1123545600
B0031Q0XCA
"500 Days of Summer" wants to be an indie style romantic comedy. In many ways it succeeds. The non-linear timeline for example. And just the quirky story itself. For these reasons and more I wanted to love this movie. The problem is, "500 Days" runs smack right into the typical sexism we see in most regular romantic comedies - the B&W; male role who's either a total jerk or a saint who's just supposed to take whatever gets thrown his way and be charming just when he's supposed to be.A recent psychology article was published that theorized that modern romantic comedies were making relationships harder because, in the movies, the good guy always does the exact right thing just when it's wanted/required by the woman. The argument was that women watching these movies were going to walk away with completely unrealistic expectations of what a relationship is like. "500 Days" falls into this sexist trap.Zooey Deschanel, who typically only has two or three expressions in any film (her annoying "look of amazement" can be found in many of her movies), actually succeeds in this movie to present a real woman who's both super sexy and humanly flawed. She's not the problem. The problem is that her character is allowed to emotionally steamroll over Tom (Joseph Gordon-Levitt) who basically just sits there and takes it. There's even a scene where Tom has a date with another woman who, after listening to Tom blubber on about how Summer hurt him, that it was all his fault because Summer had told him "she wasn't looking for a relationship." All actions to the contrary, of course.In what rom-com would the female be polite and gracious when a male character has so obviously emotionally manipulated her (words not equaling their actions)? I've watched a lot of these movies and I can't think of a one. Cameron Diaz in "My Best Friend's Wedding" graciously puts up with the behavior of Julia Roberts. Problem is, that's between two women, not the man. The guy in that movie, like most rom-coms, plays it straight. Perfectly acceptable, doesn't make waves. There's also "As Good As It Gets" . . . accept Jack Nicholson's character is clearly mentally ill. Not exactly a fair representation of your average guy. Plus, there's that line from the movie: "Why can't I have a normal boyfriend? Just a regular boyfriend, one that doesn't go nuts on me!" with the response "Everybody wants that, dear. It doesn't exist." Wonderful.For all its efforts to be different, "500 Days" is still just another romantic comedy that isn't emotionally fair to the male lead. It's as if male anger, justified anger no less, is not permissible. This movie, like just about all rom-coms, panders to its female audience. It gives the female character full permission to be a jerk and still likable while putting the guy in an emotional straitjacket lest he offend the audience because he dared to tell the woman what he really feels and thinks. Genuine male feelings in American movies are rare to non-existent.This might be surprising given my critique, but I'll probably watch this movie again. It's good. But when it's over the obvious sexism will be the topic of discussion with whoever I'm with at the time. And then I'll want to show them one of the rare films about relationships (although technically not a rom-com) that actually shows both the man and woman as flawed humans: "Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind."
9/22
3.0
1256169600
0028617304
If you're looking for a light overview of the major religions this book will be very helpful.But still, despite its obvious positive qualities, I also have problems with what is left out that should have been mentioned.For example, I could find no where within the book a mention of &quot;Sabbath&quot; or a specific day of worship. I found this odd because it is one of the first things that comes to mind when you meet someone from another faith. What day, if any, is THE day of worship? For Jews and Christian Seventh Day Adventists, for example, it's sunset Friday to sunset Saturday. Seems like this should have been mentioned. Given that it's one of the Ten Commandments it should have been at least mentioned under both Judaism and Christianity. (And any author wanting to tell the truth would acknowledge the fact that the Pope actually did change the official Sabbath day from Saturday to Sunday many many centuries ago.)LIke every &quot;Idiot's Guide&quot; this one doesn't take sides. Or rather, what it approaches it always sounds good. In fact, it bends over backwards to be open to all religions.I've looked at the guides of Judaism, Christianity and Islam and found all to be wanting because they fail to be critical in any way. Everything is always kept &quot;positive.&quot; And that's what you get here as well. But still, of all the guides to be non-opinionated, I would say this would be the best choice to follow that path,With that said, I would urge anyone who really wants to understand the various religions to dig deeper. This is a good place to start, to get your feet wet, but if you stop researching you'll find yourself ill prepared to have a mature debate about religion, the Middle East or the various cultural problems we deal with today.
4/4
4.0
1080950400
B000OAH338
The D40x has been discontinued, but it's still a worthy DSLR and should be considered by anyone who's looking for an inexpensive entry level camera or for a small backup camera. The big difference with the D60, I believe, is mostly just the self cleaning mode. The difference in price is at least 100 dollars.As others have noted, ignore the excessive brand new price mentioned here.I use my D40x as my portable camera that I take with me when I don't want to risk damaging or losing my D90. I've been considering buying something like a Canon G11, a large size point and shoot. The G11 isn't really a pocket camera either. While the G11 has lots of great auto features, it still can't match the manual controls of a DSLR and I'm fairly certain that the D40x can beat it in terms of noise and ISO usability. I've taken night shots with the D40x at 800 ISO that came out great.I wouldn't recommend the D40x to anyone who's looking for the best entry level DSLR. Given its age and functionality, I think it's pretty much limited to those on a really tight budget or those looking for an inexpensive back up. When you compare the manual controls and the ISO capability compared to P&S; backups like the G11, it makes the D40x a good choice.
0/1
5.0
1257206400
B0000DK570
For the past couple of years I've used a Beltronics 906 which was, up until mid 2003, a reliable tool. However, since then it has failed to respond or responded far too slowly multiple times.What's happening? It appears that the arms race has just escalated. There is at least one new technology being used that older radar detectors can't adequately pick up or fail to pick up at all. One of these new tools being used by the police is called POP. And most radar dectectors made prior to 2002, and perhaps all before 2001, cannot detect it. Some sources argue that POP isn't that wide spread. My experience indicates that it is.If you use a radar dectector and it was made prior to 2003 you have to purchase a new one, especially if you travel on inter-state highways.For the price the Whistler 1783 is the best value for those on a budget. Test results at speedzones dot com indicate that it performed extremely well and arguably the best in its price range. Don't even think of getting a Cobra or a Rocky Mountain. Both are practically worthless in comparison. As for other Whistler models, the 1793 has a few more bells and whistles, but it doesn't appear to be much stronger. If you have the money for the 1793 you're better off purchasing a more expensive brand such as a Beltronics or Passport. The cheaper Whistler models don't have full text displays which is really mandatory. In the case of POP, you really need a clear indication that it's being used and the 1783 provides that.If you have a somewhat larger budget then you'll want to look at perhaps a Beltronics 965 or 995. Both were introduced this past year and both are newer than the 985 which appears to have been discontinued. In this arms race with new and evolving technologies the more recent the model the more likely it will work effectively.
20/20
4.0
1088121600
B000B76ZU6
"To Kill a King" covers what should be an interesting story in history. However, it fails in presenting either a compelling plot or character development. It felt at times as if the director was just trying to film a dramatization (a documentary) instead of actually pulling viewers into his tale.I understand that this film had budget problems. However, money isn't the problem. We didn't need to have bloody battle scenes to tell this story. There was more than enough political intrigue to go around. Most of it, unfortunately, seems to have been left in the history books and never made it into this film. Some of the best films ever made are just about the development and evolution of characters without much emphasis on plot. The characters in "To Kill a King" are just flat.The story of how the King of England was overthrown always interested me. Not that I'm well read on the topic. Rather, personally disliking the whole concept of a monarchy the story of Oliver Cromwell intrigued me. But that's as far as it went.After watching this film I went and finally read up a little on the topic. What I read was better than this film.If you're dedicated to watching historical dramas then you might give this one a look. If not, there's no compelling reason to spend your time watching this under developed movie.
1/2
3.0
1204675200
B0000633M0
Why are the facts of "Blackhawk Down" viewed as un-American or incorrect?Here's what isn't shown in the movie: US forces, using incorrect intelligence, raided the UN Development Programme HQ, the Charity World Concern, and the offices of Medcins sans Frontieres (AKA Doctors Without Borders). They captured multiple _innocent_ civilians alongside the chief of the UN's police force! When members of the Aideed clan gathered in a building to talk about a peace agreement with the UN the US forces blew them up killing 54 people. In response the Somalis went nuts with rage and attacked US forces as our troops began firing missiles into residential areas.The events that occurred are clear. It perhaps be argued that US intentions were good. But the fact remains that the result was bad - for all sides.The soldiers walked into this hellfire of chaos with competing warlords adding fuel to the fire on all sides. Yes, they were brave. They were doing the job they were ordered to do. And they were placed there by others (Clinton & the Pentagon) who were clueless. The Somalis reacted with (understandable) rage and contempt. US soldiers were caught in the middle.Not only does "Blackhawk Down" ignore these facts, it also depicts the Somalis in a specific way. Is there one rioter who is depicted as having human qualities? Isn't it obvious that the movie makers were not interested in any other perspective other than the soldiers?Many reviewers compared "Blackhawk" to the racism of the 1964 flick "Zulu" in which thousands of Africans, depicted as mere ants, advanced on a small (and humanized) out numbered British force.None of this has anything to do with being anti-war, pacifism or being "anti-American." This is about propaganda being passed off as "truth."
15/51
1.0
1107043200
B00006JJMP
I purchased OmniGraffle and OmniOutliner at the same time because I really wasn't sure which product would be best in terms of organizing and presenting ideas. After using both I have to say that OmniGraffle is by far the better product, especially if you are visually oriented in terms of your organizing.OmniOutliner is intended for a different purpose than Graffle. And that's OK.It's not just a checklist or a basic word processor that creates bullet points. At its core is a concept of creating headlines with cascading sub-points that can be exposed or hidden depending at the will of the user. These sub-points, either logically or mathematically, create the sum of the headline.For example:The checklist: Groceries, Fruit, ApplesThe book outline: Book title, Section 1, Chapter OneThe Yearly budget: Year, Month, Week, Day, Specific ExpensesIt is the math fuction (as used in the budget example) which especially makes this program go beyond your basic checklist. Outliner functions in a way, if you desire, as a basic spreadsheet, one that will keep balances over a period of time or for a specific project or budget. While it's not nearly as adaptable as Excel, it is far and away easier to use and understand.Another suggested use for Outliner is in the organization of writing a book. No doubt that it would be excellent in organizing one's thoughts for writing either a novel or a non-fiction title. However, it's deep flaw in this regard is that if you're working on a book you're going to want the software to function as a word processor when it comes to time to print. What Outliner does is print the bullet points of your headings, something a book writer does not want. After visiting the OmniGroup web site it appears that they're aware of this issue and perhaps they'll fix it in a later version. I sure hope they do because this is on one of the primary reasons I bought it.If you're trying to organize your thoughts and write a book you might want to check out the shareware program Z-Write. It's more focused on creating an outline specifically for books. However, it does have the huge flaw of not being able to create sub-headings.OminiGroup has a demo version that you can download from their web site. You can test the software with up to 20 items in your outline. I recommend this because Outliner does have a slightly steeper learning curve than Graffle (an exceptionally easy to use program).Despite the criticisms, I'm glad I purchased it. It's good software. I just hope it gets better and they fix that pesty mandatory bullet point printing issue.
5/5
4.0
1084924800
055014000X
Chambers markets itself as the best single volume dictionary. They're not lying.With more than 1800 pages, 300,000+ definitions, and a high quality construction, this is the dictionary to buy in the $25 to $40 price range. Its nearest competitor (that I'm aware of) is the Concise Oxford Dictionary which is smaller and not nearly as well made with pages that feel as if they'll easily tear.The Chambers dictionary, while useful to anyone wanting a large single volume with as many definitions as possible, is also perfect for smart college students on a budget with demanding academic loads, especially in English. If you're giving this as a gift, you'll likely want to keep that in mind. Someone who wants your typical Webster's "college dictionary" likely won't appreciate or need Chambers.The one thing that makes Chambers stand out is its quirkiness. Take these defintions as an example:mullet: a hairstyle that is short at the front, long at the back, and ridiculous all roundmiddle-aged: between youth and old age, variously reckoned to suit the reckoner&eacute;clair: a cake, long in shape but short in durationThese kinds of definitions will either attract or repel buyers depending on how you like your dictionaries.Overall, if you need a dictionary with some muscle this is the one. If you want a better one you'll need to start looking at multiple volume sets such as the "Shorter Oxford English Dictionary" (but _not_ the Webster's 3rd International which is severely dated in its definitions).
34/35
5.0
1081900800
B00020JQDK
Before watching Harsh Realm on DVD I was under the solid impression that any canceled series (e.g. Firefly, Wonderfalls, Deadwood, Huff, Dead Like Me, Miracles, Veronica Mars - you get the idea!) was better than just about anything currently on the networks. Harsh Realm is one of the exceptions to the rule.Don't get me wrong, it's enjoyable enough to watch. But it's all just cotton candy.HR suffered from massive holes in its plot and the obvious arrogance of its producers who thought they could placate their audience with multiple dead end cul de sac episodes that contributed nothing toward advancing the arc of the larger plot.HR's biggest plot point was that Santiago, the man who had taken over the virtual reality game, could somehow destroy the real world. It's nonsense on two counts - how is such a thing possible? And how could the game continue if the real world no longer existed? Another gnawing flaw was the idea that the VR world was identical to the real world in every possible way,as if not just people were copied, but their entire life histories as well. Just how could the government know every single possible detail about every human in the country?One of the lessons that the producers of shows like "Lost" and "Battlestar Galactica" (season 3 mostly) discovered is that you can't get away with multiple dead end episodes. In Harsh Realm we basically get the first two episodes that advance the larger plot and then it's essentially abandoned.I actually enjoyed watching the show. But the reasons for its cancellation were rather obvious.
6/7
3.0
1198108800
B0007QS27K
If you liked "Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon" or "Hero" you will likely like "House of Flying Daggers." If you haven't seen any of these movies then you've missed out on some of the best films outside of Hollywood!I saw "Crouching Tiger" years ago and thought it was one of the best movies I'd ever seen. It was epic, romantic, and dramatic. What was especially gratifying was the inclusion of so many strong female characters. Funny how a Chinese film can present such strong women when Americans think of themselves as so advanced and yet create so many movies that degrade women."Hero" and "House" carry on with some of the same traits. "Hero" is more epic and visual than all three, but "House" is clearly the most centered on romance. It is, in fact, the center of the entire story. However, I can't say that "House" is actually a romantic movie. If anything it's a bit melodramatic. Of course, all three movies have this trait. It's just that this movie seems to play it a bit heavier with two of its central characters only knowing each other for three days."Crouching Tiger" was just more believable with its two couples - one impulsive and young, the other older, wiser and sadly unconsumated. It's a little slower in developing its relationships, has moments of humor, and is far more sensuous when the couples interact.After all this one might think I hated "House of Flying Daggers" in comparison to "Crouching Tiger." "House" is a superb movie. Like the other two, it's epic and redefines not just what we expect from the cinema, but also how female characters can be depicted in an action movie. It's ten times better than the average movie that comes out of Hollywood! Still, it's just not as good as "Crouching Tiger." That shouldn't stop anyone from seeing or owning it - "House" is a movie that must be seen. But then, I'd say the same about "Tiger" and "Hero."
5/6
4.0
1118448000
B0002K6Y1C
I took the advice given here and elsewhere and purchased these speakers for a 19" TV. Yowza, night and day!You don't get Surround Sound, but for the money these speakers will take your video (TV, video games, or computer) to another level. This set goes beyond just attaching a basic stereo - the bass is the reason why. It's true that you won't bring down the house with the T3000. But the bass on this thing will be enough to get you some complaints from your apartment neighbors.I tested the speakers while watching the highway chase scene in "Matrix Revolutions" with the TV audio (while the speakers have their own volume & bass controls the TV acts as the master control) turned up to only 9 out of 30. The bass could be easily felt in the floor two rooms away. I look forward to watching some movies, but I know now I can't have the volume at full blast when my landlady is home!My only complaint about this set is the wiring which consists of six different lines coming and going from the central bass unit. Plan on using the T3000 in a location where you can hide all those wires.The price on T3000 is indeed low. Buyers should look around for bargain prices. I was able to pick up a set for a mere thirty bucks after rebate! Unbelievale value for the money. Obviously, if you can pay more then look for a good Surround Sound system. But if you're on a budget these are the speakers to get.
31/33
5.0
1104364800
B001993Y2M
As a BSG fan I was really looking forward to "Razor." BSG is one of the few shows that I've kept in my DVD collection (along with Wonderfalls and a couple of others) after first viewing. It's usually always good enough to warrant more than one viewing.The two best episodes in the new BSG series are arguably (if not definitively) "33" and "Exodus Part II." The former for its tension and psychological drama, the latter for special effects and the whole victorious (ala "Rocky" winning the title fight) feeling it induces as the humans kick Cylon butt for once. So an extended movie length episode, fans would hope, would strive to reach the heights of these great moments in the series.As good as it is, "Razor" really is just a filler episode to fend off the the demanding fans in the lengthly lull between seasons three and four.This episode focuses mostly on Kendra Shaw, a completely new character, who carries on the heavy stick personality of Adm. Cain. Stephanie Chaves-Jacobsen, who plays Shaw, is yet another BSG looker and she can act. She just can't act this specific role which demands that she be Cain's legacy. Michelle Forbes, who plays Cain, is an psychopathic ice queen. You believe she's capable of killing innocent civilians to fulfill her military goals. Shaw . . . not so much. Too petite, too sweet looking. I guess they were looking for some ambiguity, someone that viewers wouldn't hate like so many do with Cain. It's just not a compelling character to watch.The second flaw, and perhaps far bigger than the Shaw character, is the constant flipping back and forth through time. There's the first Cylon war, the second war - the invasion, and present day. This destroys whatever dramatic tension that's built in the show. Look at "33" and "Exodus Part II" and you'll see that they're tight and focused. This one is all over the map. Why the producers didn't see this problem is baffling. They were so concerned with making sure we understood everything (too excess IMO - e.g. the depiction of young Cain abandoning her younger sister seemed unnecessary) that they forgot they needed to make a compelling show.The extras on the DVD are cool. The "Favorite Episode" is interesting as is "The Look of Battlestar Galactica" - although that ground has been covered before. Haven't watched the commentary version, but I suspect it will be good as well.Razor is worth watching, despite these flaws. It's just not a great episode by the standards set by BSG itself.
5/5
3.0
1201651200
B000FC2QGE
As a political organizer I found Gladwell's "Tipping Point" to be essential reading for anyone looking for a better understanding about how to change people's minds. I had hoped that "Blink" would offer further insight. On some levels it does - Gladwell's theory seems to be accurate. Despite being an excellent writer, however, he harms his thesis by using poor examples.The general idea behind "Blink" is how to make better snap judgments by examining those who are successful at making such quick judgments and those who have made blunders in various circumstances (whether they be expert or not).On the issue of having excess knowledge Gladwell uses the example of the US military practicing for Gulf War II against an "unnamed Middle Eastern leader." (It's obvious the person they had in mind was Saddam Hussein.) He repeatedly refers to this leader as having "strong religious support." Illustrating Gladwell's unfamiliarity with the topic he fails to mention in his analysis of the military that Saddam was a _secular_ leader and was viewed as evil by Islamic fundamentalists. In other words, one of the key elements of the _premise_ created by the military (which Gladwell does not question) is obviously false.Gladwell insinuates that the US military has had trouble in Iraq because it concentrated on having too much intelligence and can't filter out what is important. While they may or may not be true as a contributing negative factor, it is an argument that shows a lack of political knowledge. There is clear evidence, as stated by the former head of the National Security Agency and Counter Intelligence at the CIA, that the Bush administration pushed for analysis that would reflect their goals. These obvious political motivations don't even enter into Gladwell's analysis. But then, that would destroy this example as a metaphor for his overall (legitimate) thesis.This failure to question the premise for one's actions shows up in one of his most central examples - the NYPD shooting of an unarmed black man who was reaching for his wallet. Gladwell isolates the incident to a few seconds. This fits his theory. He never addresses the general NYC environment in which many New Yorkers felt they were under assault by the police. This environment, combined with an obvious focus on racial minorities, helped create the shooting. Obviously, the police didn't intend to kill an innocent man. But their actions took place within a larger context - and Gladwell ignores it completely.The most glaring flaw in Gladwell's examples is his insistence on using issues of personal taste as proof that someone is somehow an "expert" or "knows more than others."For example, Gladwell repeatedly talks about the singer Kenna and how he was shafted by the music industry because flawed surveys showed that the public wouldn't like his work. I listened to several Kenna songs after reading this book. I don't like Kenna! But this doesn't make me right and Gladwell wrong. It just means we have different tastes. It comes off as nothing less than arrogance on the part of Gladwell to argue that experts inherently know more when it comes to something as personal as musical preferences which are so obviously linked to culture, family upbringing, etc.Despite these huge criticisms, I think Gladwell's theory is correct. We can make quicker judgments if we're able to filter out all the excess garbage. This works when we're dealing with a B&W; outcome. For example, is this art real or fake? Does this medical procedure help or harm patients? Does this police procedure benefit the commuhity? These are all examples used in the book. They work. It's just a shame that Gladwell had to muddy up the water with all these other inappropriate examples.
15/16
3.0
1106179200
B0002SQ2P2
I'm not an audiophile, musician or expert in any way. I just know what I like in terms of sound. While the Z-2300s are good speakers, they are waaay over hyped. Buyer beware.Before purchasing these speakers I was using a cheap 29 watt Creative set that I have to admit gave glowing reviews to right here on Amazon. The reason for my high marks wasn't because the system was great, it was because they were a bargain at around [...] bucks. I had outgrown them (bigger place, now wanting to have real parties) and wanting something that both sounded good and could deliver higher volume.The reason for the inflated reviews are probably because these are computer speakers and most common users are accustomed to their cheap [...] dollar sets (like my old Creatives) so these just blow them out of the water.As others have mentioned, the mid-range is severely lacking. I didn't even know what the mid-range was until I researched these speakers (after purchasing them) trying to figure out why I didn't like what I was hearing. After I tweaked the iTunes equalizer to an arrow shape with high mids and lower bass and treble did the sound finally start to sound right for most songs.But even with this fix, the speakers still have their issues.One, it's almost impossible to take these to the highest volume without noticeable distortion. I think about 75% power is about their max. So I see this as more a 150watt set more than a 200. I'll just never use all that power because it just doesn't sound good. I want to stress that I did mess with the pre-amp and both the iTunes and computer volume settings. With both of those set at about mid-power the speakers still cracked at around 75% power.Two, there is some low hiss on songs where there isn't a lot of music to fill the space - a vocal track for example. My connections are fine and I tested some of the highest quality tracks I had. This isn't horrible, but I found it annoying.For this price range this probably a good deal. But please, don't listen to all the hype with these 5 star reviews. I honestly wished I'd paid more money for something better. It isn't that I think I got ripped off - I got what I paid for - it's that I was swayed by all these glowing reviews and I was expecting something that exceeded what was probably possible in this price range.*********Update: I've found with extended use that the very low hiss I described is only intermittent. It's possible that the speakers react to inside electrical wiring in the walls, but I can't tell. (This is not something I've encountered before with any speakers I've used.) I've moved the speakers several times and have not been able to detect a pattern. In any case, the hiss problem is not as bad as I thought it was. Your mileage may vary.
2/3
3.0
1254355200
0345406044
I don't wish to repeat the positive reviews already here. Suffice to say, Armstrong has written a logical analysis of Gensis that will likely offend some fundamentalists, but will ring true to others, from Christians who don't take the Bible literally to agnostics or atheists who just wish to learn a little more.While I enjoyed this book immensely, readers should be aware that the original meat of the material, excluding the actual text of Genesis, is less than 120 pages -- and these are small pages. If this book was printed in typical hardback dimensions the original content written by Armstrong would likely be no more than 80 pages. I simply wish that Ms. Armstrong had either lengthened her analysis and discussion or had gone on to other books in the Bible. I want a little more bang for my buck if I'm going to buy a book.What's here is great, there's just so little of it. Buyers should just be aware that they're buying a very short read.
14/17
4.0
1022889600
5553734010
The importance and relevance of "Bulworth" has only grown after the 2000 and 2004 election results and all the hypocritical hoopla about "decency" in the media.Jay Bulworth is a man who's willing to speak his mind, truly support humane and democratic progressive ideals, and be offensive to BOTH conservatives and many liberals.Bulworth works both as a movie and the image of an ideal candidate because Warren Beatty didn't flinch from taking on sacred cows. He insults African Americans who blindly support OJ Simpson and need to "put down their chicken and malt liquor." He even goes after rich Hollywood Jewish producers. It is highly amusing that conservatives would hate this movie so much. Perhaps it is because Beatty has given us an example of a liberal who could actually win elections?In a post 2004 election world Bulworth is a cathartic escape. Forget the slimy politicians of the DLC (Democratic Leadership Council) or the blindly ideological liberal activist base who don't have a clue about electoral politics. Here's a man who states the truth and STILL supports progressive goals.In one interview after Bulworth was released in theaters Beatty commented that the film had only one ending and nothing else was possible. Ultimately, the old adage: "the charismatic liberal leader will always be destroyed." Given the lack of heroic leadership within the Democratic Party it's hard to say if this the truth or not - we simply don't have any examples!Bulworth will no doubt go down in history as one of the best politically progressive films ever made. Yes, it's that good. Not despite Beatty's old white man rapping persona - perhaps because of it.While the film is destined to be a classic, this DVD is a severe disappointment. How could a movie with so much social and political importance have no DVD extras? There's not even a commentary track let alone a behind the scenes documentary! It's possible that the studios were simply trying to be as apolitical as possible. A recent re-release of "Three Kings" (another superb liberal film) excluded a documentary by director David Russell because it was supposedly too political. So perhaps the studios are willing to sell us these liberal movies. They just aren't willing to allow their makers to come forward and state their political views. Alas, it makes for a very poor DVD.
16/21
5.0
1103241600
B0001CU1BA
Super Scrabble is such a great idea that it's surprising no one thought of it until now. Twice as many spaces, twice as many letters, bigger words (more educational and more fun), and higher scores.The one big drawback here is that this game doesn't come as a deluxe version with grid lines and a spinning lazy-susan base. You nudge the board and it's likely the letters will move. The deluxe version (of the original game) is far more user friendly - if you nudge the board the letters don't get all scrambled and those with bad eyesight can easily spin the board in their direction so they can see better.Still, I highly recommend this game. And to the game makers: Please make a deluxe version!
65/66
5.0
1104192000
B000TKO3EA
Like many fans of the "Virgin Suicides," I was impatient to read another book by Eugenides.The author seems to be on the brink of something profound. In "Suicides" it was about motivation and secrets. Why did the girls kill themselves? This question seemed only partially answered. In "Middlesex" Eugenides once again takes on a taboo topic which is at different turns is both more and less successful than "Suicides.""Middlesex" is an important novel because it explodes certain myths about sex and gender. Eugenides' Callie/Cal bluntly states her/his position in the novel - he/she is both male and female. Nature didn't trump nurture and nurture didn't trump nature. They melded together to make her/him emotionally androgynous. This is the reason why I believe this novel is so profound. Life is frequently gray and Eugenides applies this basic principle to his novel. I particularly liked how Cal, even as a "man," states his dislike of other men. It reminds me of all the heterosexual men out there who playfully refer to themselves as lesbians. They're attracted to women, have true friendships with women, and generally can't stand the company of other men. To read all the relationship self-help books on the market you wouldn't even know that such men existed.Despite certain criticisms of this novel, the history of Callie's/Cal's family is extremely important to the story. It shows how the central character arrived at the final destination. Not only that, the long family history is quite interesting. I'm not sure why anyone would think it was boring to read about the destruction of Smyrna, life in a Greek village or immigrants arriving at Ellis Island and migrating west. These details only add further depth and meaning to the novel.It would have been nice to have more information about Cal's life as a man and what he went through in his evolution as an adult. But still, this is a minor detail overall. Eugenides sprinkles details about Cal's life as an adult throughout the novel. It would have been nice to have more information, 20 or so pages perhaps, about what it was like in his 20s.The other criticism which I have to agree with is Eugenides cutesy labeling of Callie's/Cal's brother as "Chapter Eleven." When I first saw this I thought that the publisher had made a printing error. I even did a search on the Internet to see if this was the case. It was simply distracting to read "Chapter Eleven" over and over and think of a real person. I can imagine this came up with Eugenides' editor at some point. I can even picture them debating about whether this was an effective way to be funny. Frankly, it wasn't. I think Eugenides could have said this was his brother's nickname, but to use this name over and over, without ever using the real name, was annoying and seemed contrived.Overall, I'd give "Middlesex" 4 1/2 stars. Eugenides' two novels have been so good, I just hope I don't have to wait another ten years for his next novel.
9/13
5.0
1053561600
B000LRMS66
Just have to ditto the many satisfied users of this product. As a Honda Element driver I'm accustomed to not being to put anything on the dashboard. Even items placed on special rubberized anti-slip pads can easily go flying in an Element.The Garmin Friction Dashboard Mount is the first portable device that I've used that simply worked - it didn't slip. In a climate with greatly varying temperatures this is a perfect solution to the problem of the suction cup coming loose from the windshield that comes with each Garmin.
0/0
5.0
1229299200
B000KDVTJI
Whether for tea or or hot oatmeal, this water kettle has performed perfectly. Before I purchased this I tended to use the microwave to heat water. Can't believe what a waste of time and energy that was, not to mention possibly unhealthy. This kettle is even faster than your stove top.The interior is about 98% metal except for a very tiny amount of plastic. I didn't taste anything bad regardless and my sense of smell/taste is fairly strong.My only concern is that the instructions clearly say to unplug the kettle when not in use. There's an auto shut-off after the water is boiled so either the manufacturer is being extra extra cautious or they believe there could be a problem. Would prefer to just leave it plugged in and not worry about it, but I follow the directions.A great buy overall - have owned it for months now without a problem.
85/85
5.0
1212019200
1587244632
After seeing the movie I was intrigued to find this book, the supposed &quot;true story&quot; behind the movie. Getting the &quot;truth&quot; here, however, is very unlikely.The draft riot was of specific interest to me as someone who's researched and written about protest (violent and non-violent), political events, the military, etc. Unfortunately, it's quite obvious that Asbury wasn't interested in doing a history or sociology textbook when he put this together more 70 years ago. For example, the police are referred to as &quot;heroic&quot; and &quot;valiant&quot; while the rioters are depicted as monsters and animals. None of this helps explain why these events occurred. Instead, Asbury takes sides - which severely limits the book's worth if you're wanting to learn more about this forgotten piece of US history. It's certainly not a serious study of what caused the riot and the various brutalities committed by _all sides_. It's hard to believe that this book is the source material for the movie.If you're seriously wanting to learn about the gangs, riots and turmoil in NYC during this era - the true story by behind the movie - then you'll want to look elsewhere. If you're interested in seeing some of the propaganda that was created regarding these events, some of the yellow journalism and tabloid style writing that existed in the 1920s and 30s when this text was written, then you might get something out of this book. On that merit alone - as flawed journalism - perhaps this book is worth a read.
11/14
2.0
1088467200
0684845598
I'll admit it, I'm a progressive. I also think that Chris Matthews is a first class jerk with a completely unethical view on what's acceptable in this world.However, I'm extremely politically active, too. I bird dog presidential candidates (Bush, McCain, Gore, Bradley), worked on a Congressional campaign, etc. etc. And the truth is, as much as I hate the messenger, Matthews is pretty much dead on here with this book. If you want to know how the game of politics is currently played, or at least get a taste for it, you should read this book. It doesn't mean you have to like it or think that Matthews is a great guy. But don't dismiss him out of ideology. If you do you'll miss out on the opportunity to learn things that you can use to your advantage.Activists, particularly those on the left, need to smarten up if they want to succeed politically. I certainly don't recommend everything Matthews is suggesting, but he's got some words of wisdom that should be utilized.For example, there's "hang a lantern on your problem." That means, if there's no upside, there's no way to "hide" your problem, expose it yourself! In the process you can define it in your own terms and look honorable in the process. I've used this in my own political work.Then there's "Leave no shot unanswered" which means you don't let the opposition nail you without coming back with an effective counterstatement. This, as Matthews points out, needs to be balanced against "only speak if it'll improve the silence." He gives good examples (although at times a little disjointed) on these and several other words of wisdom to the politically active.I can't say I like the playing field, but it is the playing field whether I like it or not. I can curse it, or use it to my advantage while also applying my own moral standards.If you're a progressive, slog through the baloney -- the fact that this book received a rave review from George Will should give you some indication of what I'm talking about -- but read this book and learn.
30/36
4.0
1021766400
B0002X7W2O
Reading &quot;The Middle Mind&quot; reminds me a bit of when I lived near a Univeristy of California campus and hung out with mostly PhD candidates. There would be moments of sheer brillance mixed in with a general soupy fog of academic lingo, rhetoric and, at times, arrogance.Curtis White has a theory that makes a lot of sense. As a former director of a political non-profit charged with the task of mobilizing grassroots Americans I saw the &quot;middle mind&quot; at work on a daily basis. Very basic critiques of US governmental policy seemed incomprehensible to people who definitely had the intelligence to figure it all out. But many couldn't. Why? I think Curtis White has something here with this book. This is why I picked it up with such enthusiasm.When you've got a great idea like White you're charged with two specific tasks. One, present the theory. Two, illustrate how this theory reflects reality by using specific examples.It is in the examples that White gets bogged down.I cheered when I read his critique of &quot;Saving Private Ryan.&quot; Some of his arguments were the very same thoughts I had when I first saw the movie. The character of &quot;Upham&quot; the translator was a blatant attack on compassion, on intellectuals, and anything or anyone who doesn't follow the American way. Unfortunately, as White points out, very few people were able to &quot;read&quot; the movie and see these underlying messages.Then White goes after college &quot;Cultural Studies&quot; programs. When you look at the book you get the idea that this is supposed by about why _most_ Americans have a middle mind. Concentrating on cultural studies reveals White's weak spot. He's an academic and, like many academics, he's been in his isolated world too much. As a lawyer once told me, &quot;Don't worry, it's all a tempest in teapot.&quot; That describes perfectly the political turmoil on a lot of US college campuses. This is not to say that cultural studies hasn't had an impact. But to suggest that it deserves this much attention is just more ivory tower arrogance.Another kind of mistake White makes is in picking less obvious targets like Terry Gross's &quot;Fresh Air.&quot; Coming up with a theory can be a moment of genius. Going after an NPR radio personality who projects a smart and extremely pleasant demeanor is simply not a good way to endear potential believers in that theory. Even if White is correct about Gross, it's just not smart if you want people to actually believe in what you say. You turn them off because you've insulted someone they happen to think is a nice person.Overall, I think White can't see the forest through the trees. The big picture here are the larger issues - politics, social movements, that sort of thing. A huge percentage of Americans have seen &quot;Saving Private Ryan.&quot; That same huge percentage also tends to blindly support US foreign policy. There's a loose connection there and its important. Focusing on the micro culture of academic theory, however, has very little relation to the lives of everyday Americans. Any effect it has had is surely minimal.If White had just stuck to more commonly shared American sources of information and culture such as &quot;Saving Private Ryan&quot; this book could have had a far more reaching impact.I will give White credit, however, for being fairly impartial in aiming his criticisms. While he happens to like Zinn and Chomsky, he also attacks, for example, the New Age movement and political correctness. This is important because the middle mind, as I witnessed in my own experience working in politics, is not exclusive to a political ideology. Each side has certain weak spots. On the right you've got people who follow George W. Bush without question. On the other you've got leftists who blindly believe that Mumia Abu Jamal is as innocent as driven snow and anyone who says otherwise is a racist. Both mentalities depict a certain amount of intellectual laziness - a middle mind.Overall, White has made the revolutionary act of describing the reality we live in. Americans don't think. How he went about doing this is a disappointing squandered opportunity.
21/26
3.0
1081468800
B0001ZYYY2
I've been using this "toaster" convection oven for well over a year now and can say without hesitation that this will NOT function well as a toaster. If you need a small oven to function as an oven this will work great. The convection function (air flow) helps with that.Like all "toaster" ovens in this class, the problem is primarily the egg timer. That's all it is. It's a mechanical timer that has to be twisted enough to go through its full cycle (to zero and then ding). If you don't do that the oven shuts off and never reaches the end of the timer. Problem is, you end up burning your toast. A LOT. This toaster has sent more slices of bread to their grave than I can count.My recommendation: Don't get ANY toaster oven unless it is an electric timer that precisely measures the cooking time. These egg timer models are worthless as toasters.
1/1
2.0
1229558400
B00005UD0L
I finally sat down and watched Burton's "Planet of the Apes" for a second time to see if there any details I missed. I happen to like most sci-fi films, even if there are minor errors in logic. As long as the movie is entertaining and the characters are believable. When I saw this movie the first time it fit all this criteria and it was definitely worth watching.First of all, the central story line, despite what the critics claim, makes sense for the most part. The planet itself is inhabited by the survivors of the large spaceship that crashed. The humans came from the crew, the apes from the animals that were on board. The apes are more powerful because they had hidden their powers and intellect from the humans. Given that it was a desolate planet the humans adapted poorly while the apes flourished. The only possible gap here is that in the beginning we only see chimps. But it's never made clear that only chimps are on board the spacecraft.That this story line diverts from the original shouldn't mean Burton's vision is wrong. It's his movie and he can recreate the story. However, there are two major gaps in his story.First of all, Charlton Heston's cameo as an ape who has an ancient gun made by humans doesn't make sense. That specific planet and all its inhabitants derive from the spaceship which had 21st century technology. The gun is from the 20th century. So how did he get it?The second major flaw, as noted by countless others, is the ending. I listened to Burton's comments in this section of the DVD and he was like a stammering teenager on dope trying to explain why he went with that specific ending. He kept saying over and over that this is where the story was supposed to end. That might be the case, but he didn't leave anything in his story to bring the audience to that result. How did Gen. Thade get to earth and go back in time? Burton doesn't bother to explain in his commentary. His answer is worthless at best. He failed as the director to tell the story. The only way Thade could have gone back in time on earth was if he had a workable spacecraft. And he didn't.In both cases, Heston's gun and the ending, Burton was just lazy, pure and simple. He wanted to add these neat little things to his movie and he didn't care how much it detracted from the final product.I happened to like "Planet" more the first time I saw it. But when I saw it a second time, and then heard Burton's comments, the film lost most of its entertainment value. Burton is good at creating new worlds out of whole cloth. And I'll give him this much for "Planet," the characters were more believable than in his earlier films. (Ahem, which isn't saying much.) After hearing his commentary, however, I believe Burton was just blatantly stubborn, arrogant, and dismissive of his audience.
5/8
3.0
1121212800
B000641D6K
Offering an opinion about music is rather subjective. Just because you like or dislike something doesn't mean it's bad or good. It's just your opinion. Still, there are some basic parameters and guidelines. We know when something is mediocre and when it is superb.When I think of Motown I think of soul, R&B;, and funk wrapped up in an emotional response to the music. Marvin Gaye's "What's Goin' On" can make you sad while "Ain't No Mountain High Enough" might make you want to move. What Motown is definitely not is bland. It is not elevator music. It is something that you remember - both the words and the beat.Ever since I heard the Doobie Brothers hit "What A Fool Believes" I have been a fan of McDonald's work.McDonald has always had a limited vocal range. And that's OK. He was still able to put his signature and frequent melancholy tone to everything he touched. Some of his best music was boosted by good rhythms and unique sound - such as "Minute By Minute," "You Belong to Me," "It Keeps You Running" and his singles "Hey Girl," "Our Love," and many many others. Some of his best music has come from his work with R&B; singers such as with Patti LaBelle on "On My Own" and James Ingram on "Yah Mo B There."With these thoughts in mind, despite having listened and liked almost every McDonald song ever recorded, I have to give "Motown Two" a thumbs down.As others have noted, most of the tracks here are flat, flat, flat. The background vocals and rhythms are mundane and uninteresting. The effect is so bad that Cyndi Lauper's version of "What's Going On" is a million times better than what we get here. "Mercy Mercy Me" is a bit better, but not enough. The only glimpse at greatness here is when McDonald is rescued by Toni Braxton on "Stop, Look, Listen (To Your Heart)." Without her the song probably would have been as flat as all the rest.If you're a fan of McDonald you'll likely want this album. For others this album will likely be a frustrating experience.
17/30
3.0
1099699200
B00008NRGM
As a photographer, I can't say I own &quot;Requiem&quot; out of sheer joy for the greatness of the photographs within. (No one who owns this book will keep it for that reason.) In fact, this is a book that can be at times painful to open up and look at.Perhaps this reaction is the result of the dual reality one is presented with - not only are the photos depicting (at times) someone being killed, but you also know that the person who took the photograph was also killed. In one photograph you actually see the last photo taken by that journalist before he died.So why own it? &quot;Reguiem&quot; is a proverbial granite memorial to anyone who was killed in Vietnam - American, South Vietnamese, North Vietnamese, whoever. By showing photographs from all sides it is able to maintain a level of objectivity that you won't find in many books. It just hits you with, &quot;Here, this was the reality. Deal with it.&quot; Because of this it also acts as a book of history and not just one about photographers and their work.But still, I think &quot;Requiem&quot; will particularly appeal to anyone who's interested in photography and photojournalism.I'm reminded of the book &quot;The Bang-Bang Club: Snapshots from a Hidden War&quot; which is about photographers in South Africa and the fall of Apartheid. The photographers within that book are driven by excitment and adrenaline. They also want their photography to make an impact, to change the world. (A feeling many photojournalists share.) One of the photographers in that book, a man by the name of Kevin Carter who won the Pulitzer Prize winner for his shot of a dying Sudanese child, committed suicide as result of the desperation he felt.&quot;Requiem&quot; is in some ways a complement to &quot;The Bang-Bang Club&quot; because it shows the ultimate sacrifice war photographers sometimes make in their pursuit of the craft. This makes the book that much more haunting. While some of these photos did alter our perspective on the world, they didn't really change it. So was their sacrifice worth it? You have to open the book to decide for yourself.
23/23
5.0
1081468800
B0006HU2IM
The mini is a great concept, although Apple has their work cut out for them in marketing it properly.The mini comes without a keyboard, mouse or monitor. This means this machine isn't really for people buying their first computer (Mac or otherwise). The assumption seems to be that users will use their existing components - which includes Windows users. Otherwise, the mini quickly loses its value. If you don't have these items you're better off buying an iMac, eMac, or G5 tower.There are two things that stand out about the mini.One, this machine allows users to easily upgrade their hard drive and processor while keeping their other components which likely don't need to be upgraded. This is a long term cost savings. Use the computer for so many years, get rid of it, upgrade to the newest model. It's about the same price as upgrading just the processor (with a card, zif, etc.) but far better.Two, perhaps the most outstanding utility of the mini is that it is essentially a portable. It's like a notebook without a screen. With this machine you can take your computer back and forth between home and the office . . . or your summer home or whatever. As long as you have the necessary components in each spot you're good to go.Another side benefit, yet to be realized, is what third party developers will do with the mini. There's talk of having them installed in vehicles! To what end? We'll have to wait and see.The big drawback with the mini is the lack of RAM. What was Apple thinking? The idea of 256 MB along with the increasing demands of OS X is just preposterous and, ultimately, deceiving to customers. This machine requires you to spend more money. The rumors are that you have to have Apple install their (more expensive) RAM otherwise you nullify the warranty. Although I'm not certain, it appears you can still keep the warranty if you have a recognized Apple approved technician at your local shop do it. Ask around before proceeding. The price difference between third party and Apple RAM is quite substantial.The mini is also not for hardcore gamers because it doesn't have an appropriate video card or video RAM.What the Mini does is address a specific need - an inexpensive machine that's portable. Only time will tell if it draws in Windows users. As for Mac users, the odds are it will sell quite well. It's just too bad they had to mess it all up with feeble RAM . . .I have been a hardcore Mac user and owner since 1994. I have never owned a Windows machine and I can't stand Microsoft or its products. Which causes me to wonder why so many have negged this review . . . are Mac users so blinded by their loyality that they can't question the actions of Apple? If so, that makes them just as bad as the Wintel users who blindly criticize the Mac.
31/43
4.0
1106352000
B0001O34ZI
In the interest of not repeating what other reviewers have already pointed out, I want to focus on two specific points about Stern's extremely important book.Stern has made a huge contribution with this book by providing insight into what makes terrorists tick. It is wonderfully devoid of the gung ho jingoistic machismo we so often see in today's political debate. While Stern's observations might not win votes, it is psychologically and sociologically logical and coherent. If only the policitians would heed the information Stern has presented we might actually defeat terrorism in the long term.Unfortunately, how Stern has presented her information is rather dry to say the least. A quick glance confirms her background at Harvard University.&quot;In this chapter I will explain . . . &quot; is the classic academic style of a first sentence of a chapter. This might be fine for a thesis paper, it is not for a book for public consumption. This severely detracts from the possible larger reading audience Stern could have had had she used a more interesting approach.I'd rather listen to material like this than read it, so I recommend the audio version over the original text. It's abridged and it suffers from Stern's dry reading style, but it is easier to digest overall.The other issue which another reviewer raised was whether or not Stern actually spoke to terrorists given how misognystic Islamic extremists can be. The idea is that such people would not talk to a woman.As someone who has also travelled to the Middle East, including Iraq in 1998 when I met many Iraqi soldiers, I have observed many Muslims, good and bad, separate in social settings how they behave towards a Muslim Arab woman versus how they might behave towards a liberal white woman born in the U.S. While they won't tolerate the behavior of the former, they will the latter.Obviously, this is not to suggest that all Arabs and Muslims are alike or that what I observed is also symptomatic of terrorists. But it does suggest that some people with strong religious beliefs do indeed have a surprising level of cultural tolerance in certain circumstances.It's impossible to prove either way if Stern actually spoke with terrorists. Could a man prove beyond a doubt that he had? Just as likely he could not. Thus, I would not so easily dismiss Stern's experiences and insight just because she is a woman. There's ample evidence here to show that Stern knows exactly what she's talking about.
10/15
5.0
1080172800
B000MY086K
I bought this TV back in Dec. 2007 as a gift for my older parents. They've used it daily ever since.Before purchasing this model I found a professional review that stated that the HD quality was more than acceptable for this model (keep in mind it's 720p), but that non-HD digital and analog signals were some of the worst you'll find in this price range. I know, you buy a TV like this for watching HD. Problem is, you don't always receive HD.Before I bought my parents an upcoverting DVD player they used the regular player for this TV and it was just horrible. The picture was worse than what they had with the older analog set. Rushed out and bought the new DVD player. That problem was fixed.They receive their digital TV over antenna. Keep in mind that on antenna you can get three signals - analog (which disappears in 2009), digital (regular signal for lack of another term) and HD. Since analog is going the way of the dodo there's no need to address that. However, there are plenty of times that the digital signal is not in HD. When that happens, this TV's picture is kind of disappointing. Not horrible, no, but if you're stuck without an HD signal long enough it will make you wonder why you spent so much money.Keep in mind that there are digital TVs that do handle non-HD signals quite well - but you have to find the professional technical reviews out there to find out which ones they are.This might sound like I'm bashing this TV, but I don't intend to. It was worth the money. Just buyer beware. Buy this if you know you're going to receive an HD signal on a regular basis. If not, you might want to look for a different model.
0/0
4.0
1221868800
B000OW1AO4
I so badly wanted to give this novel five stars. As someone who's heavily into political issues (worked on a Congressional campaign, ten year+ issue activist, etc.) and a sucker for a good romance I was hoping that this book would be both realistic and passionate. Frankly, while the story certainly is interesting, it's really not that realistic.The author apparently felt like he needed to create a dichotomy to have conflict between his two characters. So Sarah is the ultra radical and Fielding is the more pragmatic politician type. The problem is, neither character is given realistic scenarios to play out these roles.What ultimately happens to Sarah is, historically, more in line with what happened to radicals in the sixties who set off bombs - not someone who is the target of a bomb. Sarah might have been rescuing Chilean exiles and breaking US law, but that hardly puts her at the top of the FBI's most wanted list. Certainly not in comparison to folks like the Weather Underground which existed at the time.I also wasn't comfortable with the author's presentation of what drove Sarah to do what she did. There's a lot of religious talk that just either made me uncomfortable or just didn't ring true. Having spent quite a bit of time with passionate activists, many of whom do break the law, I just didn't believe that someone would go around saying that any poor downtrodden person could be Jesus. I suspect that the author did this because maybe he just wasn't sure as to what would drive someone to behave like Sarah.Then there's Fielding the politician. Since the book is set in the 70s maybe the author should be given some latitude. Maybe things were different then. But I doubt it. In this day and age of money and politics his vision of running for office seems naive at best. Today it takes no less than a million dollars to win a House seat. Sometimes it takes a lot more. With that money comes obligations to special interests.Much is made at the end of the book when Fielding reads letters from some of his constituents who need help. It almost appears as if the author is trying to compare Fielding with Sarah, as if he is just as much a hero, if not more so, as Sarah.Having lobbied over 50 members of the House and Senate in DC I found this underlying motivation to be naive. Constituent letters are read by staff members and those staff members do the vast majority of the work in doing the helping. A member of Congress wouldn't have time for these letters. The letters a Congressperson would deal with would be those that would further his or her political ambitions. In other words, those that would make good press and PR.In a realistic story Sarah would have continued her work. And yes, she possibly would have been killed. But this would have likely only happened after she was better known publicly for her actions - and a far greater threat to those she was protesting. Maybe then the novel would have focused more on the possible harm Sarah's actions might cause to Fielding's career.In a more realistic story Fielding, if he is as honorable as the author wants us to believe, would have lost his election. Why? Because in order for Fielding to stay true to his idealism he would have had to stand up to the special interests who would demand his support. That's the political reality we live in. You don't get into Congress by being a good boy. You do it by bending yourself to the powers that be.Then there's the background story behind Sarah's death. The US did indeed participate and support the military coup that destroyed the Allende government in Chile. This was an atrocious act and, unfortunately, not the only one committed by the US government in the region. In "Operation Condor," for example, six South American nations had organized assassination programs to kill political dissidents. The US government knew about these killings and there's even some evidence to suggest that we supported them.I mention these points because there's a central truth behind Sarah's actions. What the US did was morally reprehensible. So while Sarah's actions are extreme, one has to ask, when confronted by the facts, why is Sarah is so "radical" for her beliefs? Why aren't those who ignore these things seen as lazy Americans who have utterly failed in their civic responsibility in questioning the actions of their government? Ah, but then there would be no book. Who wants to read something like that?For those interested in finding out more about this background story I recommend the movie "Missing" with Sissy Spacek and Jack Lemmon or the book "Missing: The Execution of Charles Horman" by Thomas Hauser. Both are far more realistic in their depiction of the US government's actions toward Chile in the 1970s.
4/5
3.0
1076889600
0553382071
As a time travel novel "The Boys Are Back in Town" is a good fast read. The characters are, for the most part, likeable, the author effectively deals with time travel paradoxes, and the plot is a page turner.For a genre piece this book is a four star effort. For general quality, it's a three.First off, the primary villain is not really believable. The character is so inherently evil and cruel that it's not believable that they are motivated by the events in the book. Because this is genre fiction the author sped the plot along and glossed over these details. In a better book we would have known and understood more about what led to the villain's mindset.The book also suffers from far too many characters who are almost undistinguishable from each other. True, any book about a high school reunion is likely to include many people. But here we just get surface descriptions. Obviously, the author would have slowed the plot down with this information.One reviewer on the cover refers to this book as something Rod Serling would love. When you read the last paragraph you'll understand the remark. It's a good ending (can't say that about many books!) and it fits the tone of the story.In the end, "The Boys Are Back in Town" is a highly enjoyable read that will likely be quickly forgotten. If you're looking for a more memorable time travel novel I'd recommend "Replay" by Ken Grimwood.
4/6
3.0
1096329600
B000PS31VW
Larry Watson could be one of the best American writers alive today. I say could be. He's easily one of the most accessible authors when it comes to fiction about the western US. And he comes up with intriguing stories that really make you want to open the book to find out what happens.But Watson has a problem with characters, particularly women. (Perhaps he should hook up with Robert Hellenga who wrote &quot;The Sixteen Pleasures&quot; to get an idea of how to present a female character.)In &quot;Laura&quot; Watson depicts multiple negative female stereotypes. In &quot;Justice&quot; and &quot;Orchard&quot; the females are rather bland. Of the five Watson books I've read I'd say that &quot;Montana 1948&quot; is by far his best by a million miles. It's short, to the point, and packs a wallop. Perhaps that's because he focused on the pov of a young boy. Because of the set up we give him allowances. We don't expect a boy to know and understand the feelings and motivations of adults, especially women. So it works. Superbly in fact.In &quot;White Crosses&quot; we have yet another intriguing story. Why was the principal in the car with the young girl? You open the book and you want to find out more.&quot;Crosses&quot; is a good read. And I disagree with those who say the character asides are besides the point. Watson is not some Dean Koontz who wants us just to care about the plot. He wants us to get into the hearts and minds of his characters. To do that we need their thoughts and memories.But still, as pointed out by a female reviewer here, Watson just can't handle those female characters. They're either beautiful or ugly. They're inexplicable. They're unaccessable. They're just not human.I would be remiss if I didn't mention the ending. You'll say aloud &quot;No!&quot; when you finish the tale. It's frustrating and tragic. Does it work? Yes, I think it does. Too often we get stuck on that unrealistic merry-go-round of happy endings. We forget reality, we forget that life is messy. Here, Watson reminds us that things don't always work out as planned.Overall, a good book that could have been great. But I'm crossing my fingers for Larry Watson. Someday he'll get both the story and the female characters right. Someday he'll give us a female character with all those &quot;annoying&quot; asides with real thoughts and memories.
5/6
4.0
1080777600
B000KHYOK0
I was so disappointed with the "original soundtrack" that I didn't even bother purchasing it. The songs were either not in the movie or the ones I didn't care about.The John Powell tracks presented here are closer to the heart of Happy Feet. Lots of thump-thump beats, rhythm and bass.The tracks that stand out IMO are:1. Huddle (Sounds like sailors chanting on a Russian ship.)4. Wives Ho!11. Adelieland (Sounds like a Brazilian marching band with whistles)12. Bob's Led (A little bit of tapping - what we didn't get on the original soundtrack!)14. Lovelace's Pile (A dash of Barry White)17. The Leader of the Pack (Hispanic penguins singing.)27. Tap Versus Chant (Tap dancing and bass - arguably one of the best tracks on the CD)29. Communication (A mixed bag of a little bit of rhythm, beat, and slow drama.)Unfortunately, most of the other tracks have far too much of that obvious soundtrack drama too them. They don't really stand on their own as separate pieces and will only really be enjoyed by the most hardcore fan.Despite how many more tracks I like on this version, I can't help but still feel a bit ripped off by the two choices. The "original soundtrack" includes several great songs such as "The Story of Mumble Happyfeet" (also by John Powell) which is easily as rousing if not more so than anything here, "Boogie Wonderland," and "My Way." Instead of selecting the best songs it seems they were more interested in splitting them up and trying to get us to buy two CDs instead of just one.One question that might come up is which to buy if the listener is a child. Unfortunately, neither CD fits the bill. The "original" has tracks that many find far too risque or are simply far too different than what appeared in the movie. And this John Powell CD has far too many dramatic classical sounding pieces that would put most kids to sleep.So which to buy? Hard to say. I wish we could take half from one and half from the other. Some might want to consider purchasing their favorite MP3s and leave it at that. Personally, I probably won't be satisfied until the DVD comes out which will obviously include all the tracks I like.If Amazon hasn't yet offered sample links check out the Rhapsody site where you can hear short snippets of each track.
41/45
4.0
1166659200
0198605714
The &quot;Pocket Oxford English Dictionary&quot; is just about the best dictionary you can get for this type and in this price range.The physical size of the dictionary is accessible and handy - sort of like your own word leatherman tool. The text is easy to read with each entry in bold. The quality of the paper is quite good and should withstand heavy use. This is also a hardcover which makes it more even more sturdy. And the defintions are pretty much current and up-to-date. In sum, it's about the best portable dictionary you can get.About the only quibble is that this edition has only 120,000 defintions. However, this is just the constraint of the size and purpose of the dictionary. If they had made it longer you wouldn't have the portable size.
26/28
5.0
1081123200
B0009Z3MHO
Finding a game that can be played between adults and younger children 7 and under that doesn't bore the adults to tears is the Holy Grail of family board gaming. So many kids games just have no point at all to them.Chicken Cha Cha Cha is the exception to the rule. True, it is yet another memory game, but it's also a race. And it's a game that adults will frequently have to struggle to beat the kids! THAT'S the part that makes this game so great. No faking letting the kids win. This one challenges adults.Without the least bit of hesitation, I rank this as one of the best kids games ever made. A must buy.
1/1
5.0
1308960000
B0000577VN
"A Midnight Clear" is far more truthful and thought provoking than other movies that manipulate ("Saving Private Ryan") or outright lie ("Blackhawk Down") to make their point.From Page 11 of the William Wharton novel on which the movie is based:"When I say lost, I mean killed. Nobody in the army ever admits someone on our side is killed. They're either lost, like Christopher Robin; hit, as in a batter hit by a pitched ball, take your base, or they get 'it,' as in a hide-and-seek, or, maybe, 'get it,' as with an ambiguous joke."These lines are just about identical to naration in the movie.Will Wharton served in US Army Intelligence in WW II. He moved to France after the horrors of WW II and he became disenchanted with American life. "A Midnight Clear," while fiction, is also autobiographical. To suggest that it is "unrealistic" is just false. The man wrote (and the movie depicts) much of what the man experienced! (His book "Franky Furbo" explores some of the same fiction and biographical themes but in a far more fantastical way.)As a former US Army Intelligence Analyst myself (1980s) I have to say that this is probably the best military movie I've ever seen. It shows both how naive the young intel soldiers are and how brutal the Army can be when dealing with those who even remotely challenge the system. In the end it shows the futility of it all - not just war, but also the actions of the intel unit that thought it could live a different life than what the Army wanted for them.I can see why the rah-rah types might hate this movie. It challenges the status quo, the idea of the "good war" and the whole "suck it up and deal with it" military attitude. This doesn't make the movie and book unrealistic. Rather, it is dangerous to those who want to paint a different kind of picture of what war is like.
33/47
5.0
1117411200
B0007PLOJE
I purchased this product for one primary reason - to block specific callers from ringing my phone. While this caller ID does have other fuctions, this was, for me, the only reason I purchased it.Unfortunately, it failed at this job and even created other problems. Each time someone on the "blocked" list called the phone would ring for a fraction of a second. Doesn't sound bad, but it was. At times it was more jarring than having the phone ring normally. Also, at least once, one of the blocked callers got through. Not sure why that happened.In order for this product to attempt to control who gets through and who doesn't it has to be the first thing connected to your primary phone jack. While that's logical, it also creates a problem that will be a negative for anyone with more than one phone. This caller ID blocked the ID information from being forwarded to my two phones. So the phone rings and the only way you'll know who's calling is to get up and look at the base unit that could be in another room or even on the other side of the house. Very inconvenient.I used this caller ID for about a week and I knew it wasn't going to work. It barely did what it was supposed to and was more of a hassle than anything else. I contacted Smarthome, the Amazon distributor, and they were very courteous and took the item back and paid for the shipping back to them. I'd probably purchase from them again given how they handled the situation. But as for this product, I really can't think of anyone who would find it useful given its limitations.
57/62
2.0
1156204800
B000095YXH
I had some 30 overlapped files (thanks to MSN) on my 10.2 OS G4. The most recent Techtool 4 couldn't do a thing. And the recommendations I saw on the net to run older versions of First Aid didn't work either. My computer was killing itself due to all these files sharing the same space.DiskWarrior worked. Period.A few caveats, however.The PDF manual states quite clearly that you should first run DiskWarrior directly from the CD ROM before doing other things - such as installing the program on your own hard drive. It would have been nice to have that in writing.The running of the program is simple and consists of, I believe, two mouse clicks. What manual do you need to do that? The program does what it does and it requires very few acts on the part of the user. But still, a printed manual would have been good. A mere 25 page leaflet would have been more than sufficient. Seems like this wouldn't add too much to the production cost of the software.The big drawback here is time. DiskWarrior is sloooow. The start up takes several minutes and the maintenance itself, at least in my situation, took some five hours. I've never had a disk utility take so long to fix a problem. In any case, if you've got to fix your computer and you're using this software, don't plan on cheerily getting back to your computer in just a few minutes.This is the second version of DiskWarrior I've owned. I had Vers. 1.0 which seemed to work, but it never saved my can. It always seemed that either Norton or Techtool could take care of almost any problem that DiskWarrior could. But not this time with OS X. I'm sure others have had differenct experiences, but this is still a good program. It's not going to fix all problems (no utility can), but it just might save your computer if it specifically has disk directory problems. Ultimately, you really do need to have at least two utilities. One of them is either Norton or Techtool. The other is DiskWarrior.
14/16
5.0
1081987200
B000CSS8UE
I bought this tape thinking it would be better than duct tape. It wasn't.Yes, Gorilla tape is sticky. And yes, it's probably stickier than duct tape. But that doesn't mean it's as strong.I taped a plastic crate that I use for hauling packages to the Post Office. The side of the crate had cracked and needed to be repaired. I used a a good three foot strip of tape that extended half way around the crate. After a few weeks of use the tape completely failed - it literally split in two like masking tape. I simply pulled the crate out of the back of my car and one of edges of it (the crate, not the tape) caught on the bottom. I tugged a little and that little bit of pressure popped the tape right in two as if it were nothing. I have never seen duct tape behave like this, not once.One more thing - this tape has a horrible odor. Think wet dog or old socks stink. Whatever you use it on will stink for days.Not sure if I just got a bad roll or if other reviewers used the tape for other purposes. But there's no way I'd ever buy another roll of this.
23/33
2.0
1164067200
1902593855
I was in NYC on 2/15 as the director of a statewide peace group. We sent five busses that day. Not too bad given the pre-event threats of arrest after the unreasonable refusal by the city to issue an appropriate permit that would have accomodated the hundreds of thousands of peaceful protesters. If we could have assured everyone's safety we probably could have sent 10 busses or maybe even 20!2/15 for me represents much of the reason why I've become disenchanted with the political ineptness of the peace movement and its leaders. This book is a prime example.On the back cover there's an adpation of the old Margaret Mead quote about people "changing the world." A noble cause, yes. But to achieve change you need to have realistic plans and tactics.Take the photos from NYC in this book as a prime example. In one photo a woman compares Bush to Stalin. Yes, Bush is a horrible president. Comparing him to Stalin, a man arguably worse than Hitler, is not just hyperbole, it's complete idiocy. In another photo is an elderly woman with a sign that reads "*&$% Bush." OK, another understandable sentiment. But does this win people to our side?The examples go on and on. The trend is generally obvious - 2/15 wasn't about changing the world or about convincing others to join our side. It was an expression of anger. It was a forum where ticked off people could vent and get together with others who felt the same. While that might make for good therapy and get everyone all riled up and motivated, it does not change anything. In fact, events based on anger (versus trying to change people's minds) usually result in the exact opposite. Those who oppose us simply marginalize the movement even more and depict us as out of touch wackos.For once, I just wish the peace movement would focus on actually recruiting undecided Americans to join the cause. You don't do this through angry street protests. You do it by reaching out to moderates and conservatives who agree with our dissent. And yes, they do exist! But we dismiss them because they're not "liberal enough" for our tastes.Near the end of "2/15" is a photo of anarchists with a huge banner that reads "*&%$ the Army, *&%$ the Cops." While this certainly doesn't represent the entire peace movement, not by any stretch, it is telling both that the photo is in this book and that other peace activists are so comfortable in working with groups who would use such rhetoric.Ironically, those who suggest other ways to express ourselves - waving an American flag while protesting the war - are viewed as somehow "untrustworthy." There is no such photo in "2/15." Many within the movement have given up on the flag and the good that it can represent - freedom, democracy and human rights - when in the right hands. But when you've given up on the flag, you've given up on other Americans. "Changing the world" then becomes an automatic impossibility.
7/11
3.0
1118188800
B0000AZWI8
I've owned a basic Sonicare for about two years now and just switched to the Oral-B 7850dlx.Cost:One of the things that bothered me about the Sonicare was the high price of replacement heads and, at times, difficulty in finding a replacement head at all. The Oral-B 7850 doesn't have this problem. The replacement heads, while still more than a regular tooth brush, are far cheaper than Sonicare's. The cost of the brush itself, depending on where you purchase it, is also far less expensive.Operation:Both Sonicare and Oral-B have the same principle of 30 seconds per quadrant of your mouth to make a total of 2 minutes brushing. As others have noted, the drawback here is the lack of an automatic shut-off on the Oral-B.In terms of cleanliness, the base of the Sonicare rests inside its recharger where old tooth paste and general muck tend to accumulate. The Oral-B, however, rests on top of a rod. Since there's no depression there's far less mess and what there is you see and can immediately clean up.Effectiveness:Consumer Reports has ranked Oral-B as being the best electronic tooth brush. It seems that other researchers have confirmed that conclusion. The smaller head of the Oral-B is far more effective at getting at hard to reach areas. After just a few days use it seems to me that it is indeed better at cleaning.Overall:Sonicare is a good brush. But in just a few days use I can safely say that the Oral-B is better. It's cheaper and more effective. About the only drawback I've seen is that it feels less solid than the Sonicare. It just feels like it might break more easily. But for now my brush is working great. I absolutely recommend it.
38/38
5.0
1091145600
B000EMWBV0
I purchased the S3 specifically because I wanted a good digital camera along with the capability of shooting quality video. The S3 fits that description.As multiple reviews here and elsewhere have indicated, the video function on the S3 surpasses all the still cameras on the market today (as of late 2006). We're not talking professional quality here, but it should be enough for anyone who shoots short segments (under 10 mins.) just for fun and doesn't need a full fledged camcorder.As someone who's owned a dozen different cameras since the 80s, my reaction to the photo abilities of the S3 is a mixed bag.On a recent shoot I experienced two minor problems in terms of color reproduction. In one shot the white in a woman's sweater (which was all off-white) was so degraded that the texture became blurred and flat. In another shot the setting sun caught a woman's face and created another blurred effect. In both situations the shutter speed was fast enough to prevent blur and the image quality was set to high.I'm not saying this is a terrible camera. I love using my S3. It's a really fun camera to use. But the cold hard reality is that my recently purchased 35mm Olympus IS-2 (which cost me about $40 used) can still run circles around the S3 in terms of picture quality and speed. In the time it takes the S3 to take one shot and be ready for the next my "new" 35mm Olympus can take three.I mention these flaws because these are what I considered the trade offs of purchasing this specific camera for its video capabilities.If you're not going to use the video function then I would strongly recommend a different camera with a better image censor and faster speed. I recommend anyone concerned with these issues, especially image sensor ability which is more important than megapixels at this point, to check out imaging-resource dot com. That site shows how each camera handles low light and ISO settings, image sensor abilities and other issues.Minus the lack of true image stabilization, the Fujifilm FinePix S6000fd is one camera that they show to be clearly superior to the Canon in terms of picture quality. The lack of IS might be a deal breaker for some. The IS on the S3 is superb. Buyers just have to weigh their preferences and decide what they need the most. For some the S3 will be the best choice, for others it won't.Edit:The 800 ISO on the S3 is extremely grainy and would be only useful in the most dire situations. It's not for everyday use. The ISO 400 is passable, but of low quality. For the best quality, especially if you plan to do any enlargements above 4x6, ISO 200 or lower is necessary.The lack of a RAW option on this type of camera is almost meaningless. If you require RAW then you're already looking at an SLR.The wide and tele adapters are a great option, but the Canon made versions might not be the best choice. I picked up a Raynox tube adapter (an adapter is necessary for any converter or filter, regardless of brand) and .66 converter for less than one hundred thirty bucks - great quality and cheaper than Canon.
26/27
4.0
1166745600
B000LQB250
Before purchasing the 3" Visco2 Ventilated Mattress Enhancer I checked similar 3" pads at Target and Bed, Bath and Beyond. Their prices were higher and the pads came with outer covers. The pad sold here is just foam, nothing else. At the stores they have these 3' to 4' sample sections you can feel before purchasing. I laid them on the floor and put my body weight against the pad. In both stores I sunk straight to the hard tile floor. The pads were just too soft for me. The pad sold here, I found out, is about a pound more per cubic foot in density. In other words, for probably most people, you're getting a better foam pad here for less money.Bed comfort is highly personal so your mileage may vary, but for me laying down on this always feels good. It's made my bed the most comfortable and inviting it's ever been - and that's important because I have always had insomnia. This pad was worth every penny for me.Unlike others, I found no strong odor and I have a sensitive nose. Once it was on my bed and covered by a mattress pad and sheets that was it, never smelled a thing. Before using this I had slept on a foam/down combination pad that made me sweat even in winter. While this pad does seem to absorb and reflect a little more heat than my regular mattress, it's a million times better than my old pad.The only negative is the lack of a cover like the kind that comes with 3" pads at the major stores. Not enough of an issue to detract even one star given the great price and the superior product.
166/170
5.0
1254182400
0873373812
I'm certainly not a lawyer, but I try to be well read on the general topic, especially civil liberties issues and the general history of the Supreme Court and their rulings.From what I do know about the law, "The Criminal Law Handbook" is very accurate. The problem is that it has some glaring omissions as well as just naive advice/information that is devoid of reality.First, the audience for this book I assume runs the gamut from those who might try to game the system (the guilty), people who have been unjustly charged, those who are being investigated, people who might be facing jury duty, general reference/legal hounds who just want to know things like this and those who have had their civil liberties violated.For most of these categories the book does quite well. It explains the legal process and one's rights and there is immense value in having this knowledge.For potential jurors I think this book is essential for the simple reason that the authors included information about jury nullification, something few Americans realize even exists. Jury nullification is a standard in US law that allows a jury to ignore the law completely and refuse to convict someone because they believe the law is unjust or that the law should not be applied to a specific individual due to circumstances. It is the unjust law aspect that arguably the most important, especially in cases where people have had their civil rights violated and have been charged with a crime. As the authors point out, this was the case in the 60s and 70s when protesters would be charged with a crime and juries would refuse to convict.I'm detracting two stars, however, because the authors take a general legalistic approach that is devoid of reality and could easily mislead someone who wants to know what really happens. One example are the series of questions about prison conditions. Is the prison responsible for protecting an inmate from attacks? Answer is yes. OK . . . but do prisons follow the law? No, they can't possibly. There are just too many attacks and prison rapes for this to be a reflection of what really happens.I was especially annoyed with the obvious exclusion about any information about free speech and political protests that related to the real world. I have traveled through this country as a photographer covering all sorts of political protests and I can attest to the fact that the police, all over the country, threaten arrest when there are zero legal grounds for such action. In probably many cases the local PD doesn't want to arrest, they just want the protesters to go away. Intimidation is the name of the game. However, arrests do occur all the time. The freedom of assembly and political free speech out in the streets is always under threat, regardless of ideology. I think this should have warranted at least a few pages beyond the information that was provided about hate speech and the Patriot Act.This book is all about the letter of the law, not how the law is ignored or sometimes used in bad/illegal ways. For that reason I've deducted two stars as the book lacks information that every American should have about our legal system. Part of the sub-title is "Survive the System." You can't survive it very well if you aren't told how it actually works outside the parameters of the written law.
7/8
3.0
1254787200
B000KX8TCI
ProsTons of spaceAdaptableIncludes additional weatherproof coveringVersatileConsA bit over pricedSingle strap is not that comfortableConclusionIf you have the right body type and don't need the notebook computer slot provided by the Fastpack models this will probably work great.I have owned a Lowepro Orion Trekker for the past decade, but I needed something bigger and beefier because I now have more equipment and more money invested. I looked specifically at the Slingshot 300 or the Fastpack 250 or 350 models. I chose the Slingshot because it seemed to have more space for camera equipment since the Fastpack models include a slot for a notebook computer. Since I don't have a computer this was going to be just wasted space.I now regret the decision somewhat. The Slingshot has quite a bit of depth, more than I actually needed. It's over six inches which means you have space for a camera with a power battery pack on the bottom. Without that you end up with about 2 inches of empty space over the camera. It's very easy to secure the camera so it doesn't move around. However, if I'd known that there was this much space I wouldn't have dismissed the Fastpacks as an option.I have a Nikon D90 with a 70-300 lens and a D40X with a 18-105 lens. Both fit just fine, with lenses attached, with room left over for another medium size lens if I had it.The bag isn't too heavy with all this equipment. The issue is the strap and its specific location. The single strap goes directly over the middle of the shoulder blade. If you have some meat on you this might not be a problem, but mine protrude somewhat. The strap is not very comfortable. I think with extended use it might actually be painful, especially with a thin shirt. I'm going to have to buy an additional pad of some kind to attach to the strap, at least for when the weather is hot and I'm not wearing a jacket or second layer of clothing. I've found that two layers greatly reduces the discomfort.The old Orion Trekker was a backpack model like the modern Fastpacks. I never experienced pain from the straps even though they are far more narrow than the strap on the Slingshot. I'm a hiker and I've frequently carried 20 to 30 pounds of stuff on my back with very little discomfort on my shoulders. The problem is that the Slingshot strap isn't to the side of the shoulder blade like a normal backpack, but right over the middle.I have more usable space with the Slingshot, but I think I would have preferred the Fastpack's comfort. It's a shame that Lowepro just doesn't offer this bag with either one or two straps. Instead we're forced to pick from a bag that's also used for a computer, or a single strap model that's going to be downright uncomfortable for some users.It should also be noted that the Slingshot bags have the all weather protection (protective cover) whereas the Fastpacks don't.I suspect many users won't have a problem with this bag. However, I strongly urge you to test it fully (with weight added) in a store before buying. As for price, I picked up this bag for only 85 bucks, shipping included. Definitely shop around to find the best deal.Edit: I've noticed that Amazon, as of 2008, has grouped all the reviews for Slingshots together. This is unfortunate because each bag is different. That means if the reviewer forgot to mention the model number in the review that comments about capacity are meaningless.Edit: As the temperatures have dropped and one has to wear more clothing the bag has become A LOT more comfortable and, despite what I said, feels perfect in most ways. Flexible, allows you to grab your camera on a moments notice, and sturdy. Not sure what I'll do when summer comes back around.
4/4
4.0
1222905600
B000WQ5VH4
I never saw any of the hype that led up to the broadcast of the new "Bionic Woman" so I didn't have a lot of expectations sitting down to watch the DVD. I Had the opposite actually given the negative press the show received. The critics weren't wrong.It's not that "Bionic Woman" is bad TV. It's just so-so and its flaws are so obvious that one has to wonder about the arrogance of the producers for not creating a better show."Bionic Woman" doesn't know what it wants to be and it squanders any sense of tension or drama.There are times it's a drama and then there are these awkward moments when it slips into humor. Sometimes it works, most of the time it doesn't. When Jamie's boss comments that he wants a sound proofed office because Jamie has listened in on a private conversation it brings on a chuckle because it's real and true. When Jamie, like a bratty teenager, is complaining about her privacy and her boss acts like a father it's just not funny, it's downright annoying. Maybe the producers were trying to attract the female teen market with this approach, but it really helps to kill the show.The plot device of Sarah Corvus helps destroy the tension and drama. The unknown is always scarier and more ominous than the known. In the 3rd or 4th episode Corvus is wheeled down a hallway strapped to a hand cart and passes Jamie Summers. Right then I knew it was over for me. Corvus was being introduced as a threat as required by the plot, nothing more."Bionic Woman" would have worked if it had taken itself a bit more seriously and created a grittier environment. It still could have had girl-power and even moments of sisterhood (Summer's relationship with her younger sister plays big in the show). It just wouldn't have been overwhelmed by these aspects.And they just should have left the humor alone. This is not "Boston Legal." When Danny Crane speaks it's funny. When Jamie Summers whines it's not. Nor should she be funny. That's not what makes a bionic woman interesting. Given all of the issues they could have tackled - gender roles, sexism, medical ethics, terrorism, or just Summers adapting to such a freakish outcome in her life - it's astonishing that they didn't make a better show.
4/8
3.0
1213747200
B001B0H7DG
I had never even heard of the show "Honey West" until now. I was expecting something a bit campy with bad acting, but I was pleasantly surprised. As others have noted, the plots are a bit rushed, but the acting is good and the dialogue is frequently snappy.I suspect that anyone who was old enough to watch this show when it originally aired will know if they want to buy the set or not. Others might not be sure. If you already like shows from the era then definitely don't pass up on this one. It's dated, but it IS better than "Gomer Pyle." And if you're into the history of TV and how women have been depicted "Honey West" will open your eyes. Before "Alias," there was "Honey West." It will make you wonder why there was 40 years between the two shows and there were so few programs with strong female action lead characters.I can't say this show has turned into my favorite series nor does it bring on any feelings of nostalgia. But it was interesting to watch.
1/2
4.0
1224028800
B0015UYTZG
I really liked "Feast of Love." I liked that it was for adults (finally!) in its sexual depictions. I liked that its heart is optimistic despite the sadness it sometimes portrays. And I liked the actors, among other things.What bothers me about "Feast" is that it could have gone to a higher level. There are multiple moments when it's just sticky sweet or just dumbed down.In on scene, for example, "Oscar" releases a bunch of balloons and tells "Chloe" that they represent them. It's just awkward. In multiple scenes Morgan Freeman's character, "Harry," refers to infatuations at first site as being love - this coming from a character who's been married for decades and should know better. Attractions at first sight do exist, but elevating them to such purity is for a teeny bopper movie, not one for adults and real world romance. Harry also refers to these encounters as if he's all knowing and as if people are this paper thin obvious when they find someone attractive. At one point at the beginning Harry talks about love being a creation of the Greek gods. Because Harry seemed to have extrasensory perception when it came to knowing when people were attracted to each other I was beginning to wonder if "Feast" was going to have elements of magical realism. It doesn't and that's fine - but it just shows how the director just went too far in making things B&W; obvious.Robert Benton, the director, won an Oscar for "Kramer vs. Kramer," a serious adult film. While I dislike that movie, I wished he applied a bit of the maturity of that film here. "Feast" could have been almost literary in quality if it hadn't stooped to these silly depictions.The only movie that comes to mind that's similar is "Love Actually," another movie that people either hate or love. If you don't particularly like blunt sexuality in your movies then you'll want to avoid. If you accept the sex as just being normal and you like movies about adult relationships then give "Feast of Love" a try. I recommend it - but I am annoyed that the director squandered the opportunity to make something even more powerful and meaningful.
2/3
4.0
1224892800
B000IG3QOI
Well, as they say, you get what you pay for.Quite simply, this device doesn't work. It picks up the temperature of the car body as the engine heats up. Moving the sensor didn't help. After I moved mine it not only didn't improve the performance, the sensor fell off because the contact surface was no longer sticky enough. It will give you an initial accurate reading of the outdoor temp, but within 15 minutes or so it goes up - a lot. In a cold climate it's absolutely worthless. I wanted to know when the temp was close to or below freezing for obvious safety reasons. It's obvious this thing won't help when it says it's 45 degrees out and it's snowing.This one is going straight into the trash. It's outrageous that this thing is even sold.
0/0
1.0
1230681600
0684867230
I came across Pay It Forward, one of Hyde's earlier novels that was made into a movie, by accident one day and thought I'd give it a shot. I liked it. It had some flaws, but it showed a certain psychological slant that I appreciated in a writer. It seemed to me that Catherine Ryan Hyde was able to place characters in real, honest, tough life dilemmas and bring them out of it with some diginity and, more importantly, a strong sense of optimism and strength despite what they've been through. I wanted to read more.Within weeks I had read her earlier works, Funerals for Horses and Earthquake Weather. Quite honestly, Earthquake Weather is one of the best collections of short stories I've ever read. And Funerals is very convincing in its depiction of family abuse and is, IMO, eloquent in its symbolism, mythology and spirituality. They both confirmed my first impression: Hyde's writing is both optimistic and realistic and can be, at times, almost soothing to the soul. I was beginning to think that Catherine Ryan Hyde could do no wrong.Well, I was wrong. Electric God, Ryan's last book before Walter's Purple Heart, while having many of the earlier positive elements, had several fatal flaws, not the least of which was a central male character who was hard to love -- a man who could have come right out of a bad romance novel. You know the type: Bad boy who needs to mend his ways and secretly has a heart of gold, if only a woman would help him.Now we have Walter's Purple Heart. As a fan of Hyde's first three books (Horses and Earthquake hit a very deep nerve with me), I'm disheartened to see her work get worse and worse.The central character is a mix between "Michael," a young dope smoker with very few goals in life, and "Walter," a soldier killed in WWII who left a loving fiance behind and now inhabits the body of Michael. The basic idea of the story was to resolve both Michael's and Walter's problems. While Michael redeems himself by the end of the novel, his character is just not appealing. I can see that Hyde was trying to create some sort of character transformation within her tale, but I simply couldn't feel for a California slacker who's stoned half the time.As an Army veteran (although I never saw combat, I was trained in weapons capabilities), I didn't find Walter's military experiences believable. There's one reference to Walter getting hit by a friendly fire mortar round. The way Hyde describes it you'd think that mortar rounds were just like bullets. They're not -- they're designed to kill a maim as many people as possible within a certain radius. It seemed that Hyde knew she was on shaky territory in trying to describe the military scenes because she offers so little description and dialogue in these parts of the book.On the positive side, although some might disagree, I found the sexual tension between Michael and Walter's old sweetheart, Mary Ann, convincing and even at times erotic. That's quite an accomplishment considering the fact that Michael is in his 20s and Mary Ann about 60. Let's face it, if the sexes were reversed most people wouldn't think twice. So I congratulate Hyde in pulling this off.Overall, Walter's Purple Heart is a great concept that needed more work and a least one character change (Michael). I needed more realistic dialogue and characterization. Or in other words, I needed Hyde to approach her subject like she did in Funderals For Horses. If she'd done this I'd wager that this book could have easily been another 100 pages in length -- and gone from a fluffy piece on reincarnation to a profound perspective on love and redemption.I wouldn't discourage fans of Catherine Ryan Hyde from reading this book. However, if you've never read anything else by her this is a poor place to start. Check out Funerals and Earthquake and then decide from there if you want to read her more recent work.
5/6
4.0
1017100800
186019043X
One hundred thousand synonyms, 252 pages, hardcover, and a small compact size - a perfect pocket size thesaurus. About the only bad thing is that antonyms aren't listed alongside the synonyms. Of course, then it would be a much bigger book. If you'd like to have a sturdy compact thesaurus this is a perfect choice.
0/0
5.0
1081900800
1561632791
True, 2024 has some biting commentary and it's most definitely food for thought. But even as someone who agrees with Rall's views, particularly in his regular work, including comics and articles, I still think this is an overblown comic book all prettied up for a hardcover book. There's just not enough meat here to justify the format.The characters are rather plain and have very little distinguishing characteristics. I think that's part of Rall's point -- people losing their individuality. However, even 1984, which I'm honestly not a fan of in terms of general fiction readability, had better characters than this.2024 is good, but it's really just an overpriced comic book with a good message.
7/11
3.0
1026864000
B000BHB4XO
If you're already accustomed to Nokia phones you can probably ignore this review. If you've used other phones, buyer beware . . .I've used an older Samsung phone for the past five years. Archaic in terms of current features. Then I upgraded and even changed providers. My first new phone was a Samsung E335. It was easy to use, the screens were crisp and clear, and it accepted standard accessories (e.g. a 2.5mm headset). Unfortunately, I was forced to change it because Samsung, according to a T-Mobile rep, has only recently begun to use internal antennas (which the 335 has) and the phone just has far too weak a signal for my needs.So then came the Nokia 6101. It has fantastic reception. And it's about as intuitive to use, at times, as DOS or Windows 3.1. Menu items are not logically placed and it frequently takes multiple buttons to get to a single feature. The navigation buttons at the top are frustrating to use. They basically consist of a square within a square. This frequently results in hitting the wrong button. The screens, while working fine, are also not nearly as clear as what I've seen on other phones I've used.After using the Samsung E335 (and phones others own - an older C225 and an unknown Motorola) I feel like I'm walking through quicksand to get where I'm going. This perception was further confirmed by Consumer Reports which recently rated several dozen phones . . . they ranked Samsung, Motorola and other phones as being "very good" in terms of ease of use while they only ranked Nokia "good." Wished I had seen the article before purchasing!Perhaps one of the most annoying aspects of this phone is Nokia's proprietery accessory connection. You can't just go down to the eletronics store or dept. and pick up any ol' 2.5mm headset. You have to have one that works specifically with Nokia. If you're into the kind with an expandable mike that comes around your face (the kind you might see operators or telemarketers using) you might be out of luck. I've yet to find one that will fit the 6101.On the good side, I get access to FM radio, a feature I really really wanted. As for the low-res video, I didn't really need it. The camera is just average. This phone also has tri-band coverage which makes it fairly flexible. Still, I'm not sure if this phone is worth the hassle. If I had found a Samsung or Motorola that had the features and price I had wanted I would get rid of the 6101 in a heartbeat.
19/25
2.0
1136851200
0312151187
It's true, Jennifer Egan is a good writer. She's descriptive and eloquent. The problem is, her characters are all the same and her view on the world is, quite bluntly, annoying and misleading.The majority of the female characters in this book are whimps who have things done to them. They're victims. Sure, a lot of them are scruffy "survivors," I'll admit as much. But none of these women are really proactive or, for that matter, perpetrators, at least not on par with the men in these stories.One example where Egan has the "victim" thing really messed up: Reliable studies have shown that the "First Wives Club" mentality is a myth. The majority of men do not leave their wives for prettier, younger trophy wives. About 2 thirds of all divorces are actually instigated by the wives. The men don't come out smelling like tulips here, however. A large percentage of wives ask for those divorces because they're tired of being super moms or having to take care of their husbands like they're children. The point is, a lot of women take charge of their lives and are not victims! As for most men, the idea of a young pretty second wife is typically, in reality, the thing of fantasies.Egan needs to wake up to the world and understand that people are just people. Men get cheated on, women get cheated on, sometimes you're victim, sometimes you're the perpetrator. This book might be eloquent, but it's also a victim's propaganda -- one that perpetuates myths and adds fuel to the "gender war" instead of adding to our understanding. Please, Ms. Egan, get some objectivity.
7/16
2.0
1020988800
B000069EWU
Thinkfree Office is a simple and inexpensive software program that allows you to read and write MS documents without actually owning Microsoft Office.If you can't afford and/or don't like MS Office, for whatever reason, and you're looking for something that will allow you to access MS created documents and share with others, this product is for you.Drawbacks: The largest is that Thinkfree Office does not translate everything. It seems to have most trouble with formating and special fonts. However, it always gets the actual text correct. Secondly, it's also on the slow side. And lastly, it's interface doesn't feel Mac friendly. You can definitely see its roots with Microsoft.I would have to disagree with those who say that the Write module is simply an upgraded version of SimpleText or TextEdit. Write has a menu bar that competes easily with AppleWorks. I was honestly amazed when I saw the features it had given what I paid for the software.MS Office sells for several hundred dollars and is a RAM and hard drive pig. Thinkfree is an exceptionally inexpensive (especially if you buy it used) alternative that will allow you to access MS documents and create new ones. It has its problems, yes, but if you're getting what you pay for. If you want something that works exactly like Word, Excel or PowerPoint then you'll have to buy MS Office.
3/3
4.0
1080000000
B00008RWCP
The Amazon review hits the nail on the head as to McGraw's perspective: &quot;the funadmental differences between men and women.&quot; Of course, stereotypes exist for a reason and many folks, maybe most, fit within the rigid world of McGraw, John Gray and Deborah Tannen. But some people, including myself, DON'T. I saw McGraw on Oprah once and his examples in the audience were complete box cut out stereotypes. A husband who &quot;wasn't emotional&quot; and excessively detail oriented and organized, a wife who was &quot;emotional&quot; and less organized. These are right out of the Jungian based Myers-Briggs personality test: Judging (masculine) versus perceiving (feminine). So, this applies to SOME people. But if you're a man who doesn't watch sports, a woman who does, a guy who cries, a woman doesn't, etc. etc., well, forget McGraw's book. (If you're a gay or lesbian, the same is also certainly true.) For people who are a little bit of this and a little bit of that in terms of gender this book is complete and utter rubbish. It might help others, however. My objection isn't that this book isn't helpful for some (maybe many), it's that McGraw INSISTS that everyone fits within his cookie cut out patterns. (Just like Gray and Tannen!) The best I can give it is two stars. From my personal perspective, it doesn't even deserve that. Authors such as McGraw need to get a broader perspective on reality and meet people who don't fit the stereotypes.
50/73
2.0
981504000
097107965X
I purchased this novel immediately aftering finishing "Replay" by Ken Grimwood (excellent time travel novel) and "The Time Traveler's Wife" by Audrey Niffenegger (enjoyable read, but definitely not worthy of all the praise it gets!). I was specifically looking for another time travel novel. Having read these two other books on the subject I was looking for another page turner.The author seems to be trying to copy some of the electricity that you might have found in the 80s TV show "Moonlighting" with Bruce Willis and Sybil Shepherd. Unfortunately, it doesn't work. The dialogue is awkward and unrealistic. To be honest, I read the first 20 or 30 pages and just had to put the book down.I hate giving struggling authors bad reviews. Still, I can only assume that there are others like me who are always looking for another good time travel novel. And this novel is heavily marketed in other time travel novel listings here on Amazon.To be blunt, this novel bordered on the cartoonish. Before I bought this book I tried to find a review by a major magazine or web site. (A comment from a Houston radio station doesn't count.) Couldn't find a thing - no Publishers Weekly, no Booklist, nothing. That should have told me something.If you're careful with your money and only buy books you're going to read I recomend that you first, at the very minimum, find an excerpt of this novel. Some readers have apparently liked this book. Before you spend your hard earned money find out first if this a book that's worth your time. I wished I had.
15/23
1.0
1119484800
B00074DXG2
Filmmakers Tricia Regan, David O. Russell and Juan Carlos Zaldivar originally created "Soldiers Pay" for the anniversary DVD re-release of "Three Kings." Unfortunately, Russell was quoted in the press at some point in 2004 saying that he hoped his new short documentary, which would be included on the new DVD, would convince people to vote against Bush. The studios caught wind of this and killed the project, but allowed Russell to take his short film with him so that he could still release it to the public."Soldiers Pay" is mostly talking heads. This isn't a Michael Moore ambush film. The people who Russell speaks with are the ones who count - soldiers who served in Iraq and know what they're talking about. These are the men whose stories have been ignored - by the media and by most Americans, especially those screaming the loudest about supposedly "supporting the troops."Unfortunately for all Americans, especially our proud soldiers in uniform, Russell's short was released well after the election and to very little fanfare.Despite potential charges from misguided and uneducated Bush supporters, this documentary is absolutely and positively pro-soldier. The very title speaks for itself - "Soldiers Pay." Pay they do - their time, their lives, their souls, their sanity. And they do it for chicken feed.All of these issues are raised in the film. Russell speaks with veterans who have PTSD. He speaks with those who lacked body armor and weapons - when Halliburton and other contractor employees had the best on the market! And he speaks with soldiers who broke the rules, who stole money. But his focus always comes back on target - the know-nothings who sent those soldiers into harms way in the first place. Sure, some soldiers stole from Iraqi civilians, but they usually did it because they were desperate or were ordered to do so.In the end, as Russell slams his point home, when the you-know-what hits the fan, the lower enlisted pay the price. Prisoner abuse, theft, deaths (American or Iraqi) whatever, the brass all the way to the White House get off without a speck of dust on their suits."Soldiers Pay" says it all.
17/18
5.0
1115510400
B000065BY5
This is a great soundtrack - found some Indian songs I'd never even heard of that I really like, especially "Jind Mahi" by Malkit Singh and "Tere Bin Nahin Lagda" by Partners In Rhyme with Nusrat Faten Ali.Buyers should note that are indeed differences between the British (22 tracks) and Indian (21 tracks) versions. Make sure you order the one you really want by confirming with individual sellers about which edition they're actually selling. I myself ordered the British and received the Indian.Here are the differences that really haven't been described accurately in previous reviews.The British and American versions have these exclusive tracks:Titles - Craig Pruess And Bally Sagoo Ft GunjanHai Rabai - Craig Pruess And Bally Sagoo Ft GunjanThe British version has this exclusive track:Do Your Thing - Basement JaxxThe Indian version has these exclusive tracks:Move On Up - Curtis MayfieldRail Gaddi - Kuljit BhamraSo basically there are five differences in total between the British and Indian versions while the American version is the most watered down.
10/10
5.0
1162166400
B000BP8CAY
Due to some work I do at night in a warehouse I needed a small light that I could just attach to my keychain. I didn't need a full flashlight, just something that I could use for a few minutes a few times a week.I thought this light would be perfect. At first it was. Then the light got dimmer and dimmer. I noticed that the light was frequently turned on in my pocket - pant pocket, jacket, it didn't matter. I assume the same would happen in a woman's purse. This runs the battery down fast.Another reviewer pointed out that you can just replace the battery. You can - but it costs almost $5 which means you're basically buying a new flashlight each time. In my experience, the batteries (I've gone through two) last no longer than a month with only about 15 to 20 minutes of actual use. Total waste of money.Ditto the comments of the soldier reviewer. This is junk.
10/16
1.0
1202774400
B000GPPNO2
St. Elsewhere is viewed by critics as one of the best TV shows ever produced. The accolades are deserved. All the shows since - ER, Grey's Anatomy, Chicago Hope and others - have roots in St. Elsewhere, the show that set the standard for combining hospital drama and comedy.As a teenager I came late to the table and was only able to view about two thirds of the original shows. However, I was able to record on VHS almost all of the shows I did see. I was excited when I heard they were going to (finally!) release the show on DVD and I could, at last, watch all the early episodes I had missed.So here we have one of the most acclaimed shows ever and what we get is a flimsy slip case, double sided DVDs (that easily become scratched), and minimal extras. This is the treatment they give shows like Different Strokes or Emergency. St. Elsewhere, of any of the 80s shows, deserved the kind of treatment they give The Simpsons or CSI.Imagine what they could have done if they'd packaged the entire show like they did the complete West Wing. Imagine a first aid box with the St. Elsewhere logo. Inside would have been a DVD set for each season. Single sided DVDs with images of the cast on each one. The extras would have included interviews with all the cast members, background on the St. Elsewhere theme song, a documentary on where they shot St. Elsewhere (and where exterior shots were filmed in Boston), a where are they now documentary on the cast, and lots lots more.Intead we get this. I bought this set. And I'll buy the others when they get released. But what a rip-off. St. Elsewhere - and its fans - deserved better than this.
101/106
4.0
1165536000
B0026B6WVW
I watched this movie with someone of Bengali descent. Both of us agreed within 10 minutes that the film was not good. Within a half hour it was nothing less than excruciating to watch."The Bengali Night" is just an awkward movie. The characters are odd, inexplicable, and just downright weird. John Hurt's character in particular borders on creepy. The conflict between Grant's character and the daughter's father is telegraphed very early on.This film is not a "classic" regardless of what others might claim. Just look on rottentomatoes and you'll see that not a single reviewer even bothered with this rather unknown film. I'm not saying this as either a snob or as someone who doesn't like great movies. I appreciate everything from "Casablanca" to "Brokeback Mountain" to "Speed." That's how bad this movie is.If you love Hugh Grant and want to see something from his early days then this might be an interesting watch. He has a rather odd accent in this film and it does show him getting his acting chops. Everyone else should probably stay away from this film like the plague.Edit: I know that this movie has roots in the real life story of two academics, Devi and Eliade, who fell in love in their youth and were separated by Devi's traditional Indian father. The true story is tragic, but little of that is depicted in this odd film. It simply makes this movie seem even more flawed - there was enough story here for a classic and the director simply failed to deliver.
7/9
1.0
1212537600
B0006OYVIW
When I first started this book the author describes in detail how the central character, Jeff, first returns back in time to his life in college. There are Playboy magazines on his shelves and the guy has a girlfriend - what sleazeball has Playboys when he's in a relationship? And it seemed like there was a level of denseness in the character's thinking in how long it took him to realize that he "wasn't in Kansas" any longer Maybe this is a mandatory scene in every time travel novel - the central characters have to go through this charade of disbelief.Once I got past these scenes, however, "Replay" took off. In fact, after reading this immediately after "The Time Traveler's Wife" I was astonished by how much better this book was. Far more engrossing and just more believable.The characters are believable. They're not blinded by their "love." They sometimes make bad choices, but those choices are usually made with some common sense - not because the plot demanded it.The elements outside the characters who are living their lives over and over are absolutely believable. In one story the US government gets involved and basically imprisons the two characters because of their ability to "predict the future" so accurately. And then the book shows how the world spins out of control when the government misuses this information. Realistic. Definitely.Another realistic approach is how the author recognizes the fact that most people have loved more than one person in their lifetime. The two central characters, for example, love each other, but yet they also love (romantically) others who have entered their life. There is no contradiction. It's just reality. Most people have also had more than one relationship. It's as if the author took someone's life and expanded it by 150 years and then allowed that person to fully explore the weaknesses and strengths of each relationship.The author doesn't try to create silly rules as was the case with "Time Traveler's Wife." The characters can change things . . . or not. It's their choice. As for paradoxes, etc. they're glossed over, but handled well enough. The author has bigger fish to fry.The book has a point. Some have argued that it is trite. I disagree. Live your life to the fullest, enjoy the moments, take advantage of what you have - you only get it once. Sometimes the truest statements are the shortest statements one can make. To expect the meaning of life from the author is a bit much. The author (now apparently deceased) was not some god. He didn't write the Bible or the Koran. He wrote a very good time travel novel with a simple but eloquent point that just makes sense.
5/6
5.0
1085616000
B0007UQ1B0
I've owned and used a Micra for several years now. This small tool has proven itself over and over. Its perfect compact size allows you to carry it in even the smallest pockets or use it as a keychain.The scissors are the primary tool and they are tougher than they look. I've owned several Victorinox pocket knives (one for almost 20 years) and the scissors have always failed. The scissors on these models (at least the ones I've owned) are serrated while the Micra's are not. If you're looking for a clean cut edge the Micra is the better choice.The other tools on the Micra - screwdrivers, tweezers, small blade, bottle opener, etc. - are all very good for their intended use. About the only complaint I have is that the measuring marks on the outside shell aren't more clear. Still, it's likely that most people won't use the Micra for this purpose.
2/6
5.0
1118707200
B000K11H7E
Fans of Hellenga's earlier "The Sixteen Pleasures" will likely not like this book. That just seems to be a fact. In "Pleasures" we get a sympathetic female character who's on a path of discovery about herself, her sexuality, and the world. It's a book with a broad base of appeal among book lovers. "Sparrow" is just a different kind of animal.Hellenga seems to have a way of misdirecting his readers. In "Pleasures" one gets the idea that the whole point is a controversial rediscovered text when in fact its just a set piece.The same is true of "Sparrow." The jacket talks about Woody's daughter dying in a terrorist attack in Italy. This certainly makes for an interesting story. Or rather, it would have. Instead, Hellenga takes us on another path as the main character, this time an older man, takes his own path of discovery. It's likely that some don't want to take the ride, especially fans "Pleasures."Yes, this book has sex. But then, so does "Pleasures." Maybe folks are just more comfortable reading about a younger woman's maturing sexuality than they are with an older man who lusts for young and older women alike. Frankly, both books are honest and both are good (I admit "Pleasures" is by far the better read). At the risk of offending certain readers, I think the problem is more with one's views on sex and not necessarily a failing of Hellenga.In one scene Hellenga describes a situation in which he realizes that he's hurt a female colleague his own age who's emotionally distant. Woody recognizes the lost opportunity and shows empathy, at least internally, towards the woman. In other words, this isn't just some guy out to have sex with a student. He's complicated and he has feelings.Hellenga is a versatile author. Unfortunately, he attracts certain readers by his apparent misdirection. While he might be guilty of false advertising, he's certainly not guilty of being a bad writer. If you're open to the experience, give "Sparrow" a chance. Just be forewarned - it's not "The Sixteen Pleasures."
4/11
4.0
1080777600
B000OXD262
Cheryl Benard's second novel, "Turning on the Girls", is going to cause debate wherever it's read. It's part fantasy, part science fiction, part comedy, part novel, part sociology, part . . . well, you get the idea.Don't let the cover of the book deceive you. I can understand why the publishers chose the image they did -- it specifically relates to the main character's attempt to find "acceptable" feminist erotica and her repeated encounters with women and men who keep reverting to the stereotypes of the past. The message you get from the dust jacket -- all the flowers! -- is not an accurate feel of the book's contents. This is a feminist fantasy with a humorous edge.This book confused me for quite awhile. Before I even started reading it I thought that Benard had created just another anti-feminist book. But I was wrong. It's obvious that she views certain segments of the feminist camp as a little over the top, perhaps a little too serious, but still respects and honors the feminists of the past and those to come in the future.Benard's humor hits most the target most of the time. Which brings me to my first warning: If you're uptight about your ideology, about feminism, you're guaranteed to have a least one of your sacred cows sacrificed. Benard leaves no one unscathed, whether it's New Age herbalists or macho guys with too much testosterone.Benard shows several characters, both men and women, who are disgusted with what they see around them and are just trying to find their way. Lisa finds makeup disgusting and macho men sexist. Her work partner, Justin, just really wants to belong and, most importantly, have someone to love. Benard is going in the right direction, but I don't think she went far enough.True, this book is supposed to be a politically relevant humorous fantasy. We're not supposed to get hung up on the specifics. So maybe what I'm about to argue would ruin Benard's entire story.There are two fallacies presented here that made me decide that, while I did enjoy reading "Turning on the Girls", I ultimately do NOT like the book's message.First of all, Benard presents the notorious and absolutely wrong view of global sisterhood. No where in the book do I remember a character being described in terms of race. Only after I had finished reading did I realize that I had pictured in my mind every single character as white. There's no mention as to how women were able to mend their fences and work together. Even more importantly, where did all the conservative women go? They're not all silly girls who wear long nails and makeup and cow tail to their man. The leap she makes in this regard -- with no explanation as to how all the various feminists worked together nor an explanation as to what happened to all the patriarchal women -- is disturbing because it helps to continue the fallacy that all feminists are alike. They're just not.Secondly, I'd like to know why Benard didn't include a single male who was egalitarian. With the exception of one man, Lisa's final love interest, not a single male in Benard's book is seen as admirable. Yes, her administrative assistant, Justin, is shown in a positive light overall, but he is still presented as a bit of a wimp and lacking a backbone. She gives us stereotype after stereotype of males who aren't affectionate (and need pets to learn how to be a caretaker) or men who are slobs (tell that to my brother in-law who rants about my sister's constant creation of clutter!). True, this all part of the humor, but it's all easy targets. Going after macho and wimpy men is easy. So I'm surprised that Benard didn't pick on pro-feminist egalitarian men in this novel. But alas, they're nowhere to be seen in the text... I wish that the message of Benard's book was as good as her presentation, but it isn't. "Turning on the Girls" is a great read (be warned that it takes several pages in the beginning for Benard to grab the reader) and will create a lot of debate and discussion, but it's ultimately flawed.
5/7
3.0
1022630400
B0002C9D9A
Having grown up in the 1970s in a similar environment to the movie (but worse - without the rock music, dancing and girls in sexy skirts) the film certainly hit home.For six years I had to attend a private "Christian" academy. I put the word Christian with quotation marks because what I experienced was reflected in the movie.As "Saved!" shows, there are many Christians who don't follow the Golden Rule. They go around making fools of themselves, pronouncing their piety like teenagers bragging about their last trip to the mall and what they purchased. Far worse, as the movie shows, is the self righteous attitude that turns to hatred of those they deem "unacceptable" -- gays, lesbians, pregnant unmarried girls, Jews, people of color, etc.There are many who have taken offense to the movie. Some have stated that "Saved!" is a form of bigotry towards Christians, that it inaccurately depicts Christians and expresses hatred. But "Saved!" is frighteningly rooted in some reality. Yes, there are some stereotypes (it is a movie), but those characterizations are most definitely based on real people. (One of the primary writers attended a Christian school.) So the warped argument then follows: It's hateful to call hateful people hateful. Uhuh.Ebert and Roeper reviewed this film and argued that it is not against Christianity. It's simply against a certain type of Christian. Some have tried to say that the film argues you have to renounce your beliefs. This is a circular argument. Who's to say that the crowd of "rejects" at the end aren't the true Christians? The film doesn't demand that you renounce Christianity, it just appropriately picks out the hypocrites."Saved!" is not a great movie necessarily. But it is funny. There were several scenes that rang completely true. And then there were many that came right out a hundred teeny-bopper flicks. Regardless, it is a good movie, one that I hope takes the mirror and reflects back to (some) Christians who use Jesus as a weapon.That is, in fact, my favorite line from the movie. In one scene a "good Christian girl" throws a Bible at another who has supposedly forsaken Christ. The other girl hands the Bible back to her and says, "This is not a weapon!" I'd like to scream that sentiment from a few mountaintops myself.
20/22
5.0
1087171200
0606194835
There's something about criticizing a book for what it is not when the author's intentions were something different. It's kind of like saying, "I don't like chocolate ice cream," and then expecting this opinion to be the reality for everyone else.As a male, I happened to like "The Girls' Guide." My girlfriend, on the other hand, did not. "Chick lit" this is not. True, most readers are probably women, but that doesn't make it genre fiction - something that is tied to certain rules of plot instead of just good character development.With the exception of the last story, the author's focus isn't on creating the mandatory happy ending. No, Bank wants to show the whole silliness of dating and mating from a specific perspective - that of the sarcastic and funny Jane. For the most part it works. However, as others have pointed out, there's just a little bit too much wittiness to go around. Too many of the characters are as smart and funny as Jane.When it comes to the men Bank plays it straight. Which is as it should be. You know you're in la-la land when an author takes sides and manipulates the story so that all the men or all the women are good or bad. (Example: Emerald City : Stories by Jennifer Egan.) You get a taste of both here. It's realistic.As for the last story, I happen to like it because it's so true. The sexist "rules" that cause certain men to be attracted to women are based on faulty logic. Do you just want to get married - to anyone? Then the "rules" work. If you want to meet someone you truly love, be yourself. Simplistic, but true. And something that a lot of readers, especially women, need to know.
1/1
4.0
1085356800
B000J5AINK
Pickomino might look like only a kids' game, but it's for adults as well. It's perfect for families.In Yahtzee you roll the dice and it's all about pushing your luck. There's no interaction between players. In Pickomino players can steal worm tiles from each other. There really isn't any deep strategy here - you always want to go for the highest number possible without busting. But there are definite tactics, something that Yahtzee lacks.Pickomino isn't the best dice game for families, but it's close. Highly recommend.
1/1
4.0
1308873600
B002ZBPQ0Q
I delayed watching this film because I made the mistake of reading too many negative reviews. It seemed like it was just going to be too "out there." The front artwork showing Yi and Cera running away from a film crew didn't help much. I was expecting a melodramatic mockumentary which didn't interest me at all. As others have pointed out, this is a hybrid documentary with elements of both a traditional documentary and fictional storytelling.Yes, both Yi and Cera are awkward. I don't know about Yi so much, but that's Cera's M.O. so I'm surprised by other viewers surprise regarding the awkwardness in this film. That's part of the story and its charm.There are basically three parts to "Paper Heart." The story between Yi and Cera, the interviews with everyday people and their experiences with love, and Yi's simplistic yet charming artistic interpretation (sort of a variation of stop-action, but different). All three parts are good. However, I do have to agree with others that the least interesting is probably the "relationship" between Yi and Cera. But that's okay, it's still a good film.Watch "Paper Heart" when you're in the mood for something light, quirky and a little thought provoking. Ignore the critics and their excessive demands that this be something that it was never intended to be.
6/6
4.0
1277596800
B000QBNXWU
Sebold knows how to get a reader's attention with the second sentence of her novel being: "I was fourteen when I was murdered on December 6, 1973." So many authors fail to grab you even in the first two chapters let alone the first two sentences.Many reviewers have indicated that they found this novel to be sad or unsatisfying because of how Susie's murder is handled. I found neither to be the case. By making the dead girl the omniscient narrator we're soothed by the fact that she lives on and cares for her family even though they are unable to see her.Despite the magical qualities of heaven, Sebold is able to keep the book realistic by how she handles the murder. Sometimes things aren't as neat and tidy as we'd like. And sometimes we just have to get over it and move on. What happens to Susie's murderer and how the family deals with their lack of knowledge was one of the things that kept it from being a boilerplate genre fluff piece. In the real world you don't get absolute justice and absolute resolution.While I enjoyed "Bones" immensely, especially on Sebold's combination of fantasy and emotional realism, I had a problem with her perspective on crime in general.In her memior "Lucky" she writes of being raped in a way similar to how Susie is attacked. It doesn't seem to be a great leap to suggest that she borrowed from her own life to write this novel. This is certainly not a bad thing. However, it seems that her experience has clouded her perspective.Throughout the novel Ruth is able to see where girls and women have been raped and killed. At no time is she aware of crimes against males. Only women. I didn't count, but it seemed that references to crimes against women - and only women - was contained in at least half a dozen passages, perhaps even more.If this were a novel without fantasy this might be excused because Sebold could simply present us with a character, for example, who works at a women's shelter and meets victims on a daily basis. But the fantastic abilities of the characters in this book, Susie and Ruth specifically, open up the whole world. It makes no sense to have person with the ability see people's deaths after they've occurred to filter out images according to the victim's sex. But that's exactly what Sebold does do.Sebold's blind spot, conceivably created by her own horrific experience, doesn't break the novel. But for me it certainly tainted its positive message. As a pro-feminist male I found it annoying, as if the author had an ax to grind, to read passages that seemed like they were written by a young and naive college student who can't distinguish between her facts. It's obvious that females constitute the vast majority of rape victims. (It's hard to know the exact figures when males, typically raped as children, hide their experiences.) However, general male on male violence is by far more prevalent than male on female. So there needs to be balance. All Sebold had to do was have Ruth's character able to see all crime victims.Because of this blind spot, I can't give the book five stars.
4/4
4.0
1103587200
B00005JM62
I don't normally gush about movies such as this. I'm simply not a fan of ultra-violence. &quot;City of Dreams,&quot; however, deserves the accolades and the attention.It's odd that some critics blast this film for being too much like MTV, for being &quot;unrealistic.&quot; Knowing many Brazilians, and having visited the country myself, I can safely say that &quot;City&quot; is closer to reality than many people would like to know. Even the current leader of Brazil has praised the movie. If you know someone who's lived in Brazil ask them about it or about the life of the impovershed in Sao Paulo or Rio. The added information will make the impact - the realism - of this film that much greater.The camera angles and editing are manic at times. It matches the mood of the film. Guns, violence, panic, passion, life and death. The story is not told in a straight line. Think Memento crossed with The English Patient with the storyline of Goodfellas and The Gangs of New York. For good measure add in a heavy dose of reality. The film depicts, at least in part, a true story and is (more importantly) quite factual in its overall depiction of the reality of gang and drug violence in Brazil. True, the pace of the movie is unrealistic, but what it actually shows us is not.On the DVD there's an added bonus of a documentary that looks at the entire hopelessness of the situation. Brutal gangsters, corrupt cops, violence, and a society that uses the whole sordid mess to control a huge impoverished populaton with no options. A senior member of the police with decades of experiences admits to all of this - states quite bluntly that the state must use this form of represssion in order to prevent chaos. He also points his finger at US and Swiss gun makers who send their weapons to Brazil to be used by the gangs. He points out that the US can send troops to Colombia to shut down the source of the drug trade in the US - why can't he come to the US and shut down Colt which sends AR-15s to Brazil? It's a legitimate point, one that will likely make some (especially US citizens) uncomfortable. While Brazilians are mostly to blame for their plight, it doesn't help that multinational corporations profit and manipulate the situation. They are part of the problem.This is a movie that must be seen. It will alter your view of the world.
8/13
5.0
1090886400
B0007CSG20
"Finding Neverland" is that rare gem of a movie that takes its audience seriously. So many of the movies out of Hollywood are geared towards the 16 to 25 year old male perspective. Action, dumb plot, stupid characters, etc. "Neverland" is a movie that doesn't pander to emotion. It doesn't show us yet another unnecessary action scene. And it doesn't make every relationship obsessed with sex.What you get with "Neverland" is a movie that takes you to another time and gives you insight into the mind of a great writer and the experiences which influenced him. It is a patient movie, more interested in creating a tone and place to help us understand the concepts of Neverland, imagination, and reality.While perhaps not the focus of the director (and probably unnoticed by most viewers), "Neverland" is also a refreshing depiction of a male character dealing with children. While Barrie is depicted as being child-like, he is still a grown man with an adult's ability in relating to children. Far too often we're inundated with media images of the stupid father figure, the doofus, who doesn't have a clue. With Depp's characterization of Barrie we see a man who can play with children and yet still be an adult.Johnny Depp, almost as matter of course, once again delivers a performance that is all the more amazing given his body of work as a whole. This the same man who did "Pirates of the Caribbean," "What's Eating Gilbert Grape," and a dozen other movies in widely divergent character roles. And Kate Winslet seems to be only getting better with age, both in ability and beauty.There seems to be a number of reviewers claiming that "Neverland" is slow or that it's pretentious. If you enjoy well made movies you can ignore these comments. Of course, don't fall prey to the hype, either. "Finding Neverland" might not become your most favorite film, but it is worth both viewing and owning as a DVD. I can't say that about too many films these days.
17/19
5.0
1121212800
0805063757
While I am a supporter of most (but not all) of Galeano's views, I can't share with others the enthusiasm for this book.It's not the lack of solutions offered by the author . . . pointing out something wrong does not mandate that one must offer the solution. That's just an illogical fallacy. Sometimes things are just wrong, period, and we need time to figure out what will work.My problem with this book is that it doesn't deliver what it promises. The &quot;through the looking glass&quot; approach is restricted primarily to boxed in asides throughout the book where the author gives us unusual perspectives or anecdotes that will either make you laugh or cry. These portions of the book are by far the best and the most original. Unfortunately, this is only a small percentage of the book's contents.The majority of the text comes off as pure rants. Justified rants, mind you, but rants nonetheless. If you're heavily active in progressive causes this will likely leave you cold. Who needs more complaining about the obvious? If, however, you're new to progressive causes, anti-corporate globalization, etc. or aren't that active then this might be a great place to start.I can only offer a partial recommendation for this book. It has a select audience, one that I'm most definitely not a part of. I just really wish Galeano had stuck to the parts that worked. Many of the asides are brillant little tid bits of information that will force you to look at things differently. But the rest is just the same old same old depressing news you can get off any activist web site.
9/17
3.0
1027468800
B00005JMMT
I've had "Boomtown" in my Amazon wish list for probably a year before finally ordering it. I was fairly certain it was a good show, but I was hesitant because I remembered some of NBC's marketing when it briefly aired. They made it sound like a murder mystery show. It's not.Boomtown shows the viewer not just multiple angles of a crime, but also multiple stories through the eyes of various characters that enhance the overall story. A traditional show, especially a crime drama, will show you different parts of the story in chronological order. There might be flashbacks, but they're generally exactly at the right time in order to fill in a necessary plot point.Boomtown wasn't created that way. The angle shifts according to character. They don't flash the text "4 hours later" on the screen like more traditional shows like Without A Trace. Instead, they'll have a character's name like "Joel" and then they'll show you his story and point of view. Sometimes you see what he saw at the crime scene, other times you'll see something in his personal life that relates to why he's reacting a certain way to the crime. I can't think of a single show on the air or in recent memory that has ever taken this approach. It does require paying more attention a little more brain power, but that's what makes it great TV.Boomtown is a well blended mosaic that just seems to fit perfectly. Because the scenes aren't chronological it allows the show more leeway to present multiple sub-stories and just better character development. It's likely the producers of Lost watched an episode or two of Boomtown before they came up with their idea. Boomtown's stories aren't as complex as Lost's, but it's still groundbreaking in its presentation. Too bad it rests in obscurity while other horrible programs remain on the air.Boomtown stars Neal McDonough and Donnie Wahlberg and was created by Grahm Yost - all three were involved in Band of Brothers, one of the highest rated programs of all time. Boomtown isn't at the level of HBO, but the quality of work from these three men is apparent here.I've watched many many canceled shows and found that many didn't deserve their fate. Meanwhile, bad shows - King of Queens was on for 9 seasons(!)- remain on the air. Boomtown is on the same list with Firefly, Wonderfalls, and many others. It's curse was that it came out right around the time reality TV started to hit it big. It was then trounced by the dreck that curses us even now.If you like good TV, check out Boomtown.
2/2
5.0
1211932800
B000092TSX
I was doing some comparison shopping (was interested mostly in the retro looking Timex T318S) and came across the T309 at a local major electronics outlet. U turned it on and was immediately impressed by the sound quality. I could hardly believe that it was coming from a fair cheap alarm clock!The T309 has gobs of extras - three alarms, multiple choices of alarm sounds, sleep sounds, etc. Plus, it's compact and looks better than your average alarm clock. However, I can't say that I was impressed with the button layout which doesn't appear to be very intuitive. Perhaps with regular use this isn't an issue.I ended up buying the 318 (the retro look is what I wanted - the sound isn't as good, however), but I think most buyers would be extremely pleased with this model especially if they're on a budget and want fairly good sound.
0/0
4.0
1083456000
B000E1MTTA
The 3rd edition of the Scrabble Dictionary, the newest edition as of this writing, will give you the most up-to-date listing of acceptable words to use in Scrabble.However, many people don't realize that the Scrabble Dictionary went PC in this edition by removing all &quot;offensive&quot; or &quot;vulger&quot; terms. It appears that they wanted to make Scrabble a more family game and thus believed the removal of the bad words was necessary.Obviously, you don't want your kid using certain four letter words on the board. However, removing these words is rather dishonest. They're words, period, and you can't place a value judgement on whether they're acceptable or not to include in a dictionary. It's like removing certain portions of a science or literature book because someone might be offended. As a result, many hardcore Scrabble players have refused to use the 3rd edition.I'm sure many people, especially parents, will have no trouble with any of this. But for serious Scrabble players it's necessary to have a dictionary that determines all acceptable words. So what to do? Use both the 2nd and 3rd editions. While it's no longer being published, you can find the 2nd edition in either soft or hardcover on auction sites and at used book stores for a reasonable price.
9/11
4.0
1080172800
B00004U2K7
I'm not sure how they could have made 1900 House better. When the participants break the rules they point out how things would have really been in 1900. It's ludicrous to suggest that the producers could have created more context for the show. To do so - to create lavish social conditions (more participants, social gatherings, etc.) - would have been well beyond the scope and budget of the project.Viewer response to this show versus Colonial House is also revealing. 1900 House participants broke the rules all the time - they bought shampoo, they treated the maid better than a Victorian family would have, etc. More importantly, the father and the children had lives outside the home in the modern era. Essentially, these people had it easy compared to Colonial House who were mandated to have zero contact with anything remotely modern.It seems that critics of Colonial House have a political agenda. Any and all criticisms about participants breaking the rules and this somehow ruining the show is mindless. Living as they did in the past, whether it be the US colonial era or 1900 Victorian London, would be misery for the vast majority of people living in the western world. People aren't robots. If you want a show where all the actors appear to follow the rules watch a fictional drama. But then, all you'll be watching are professional actors playing a part. You won't be seeing people live, suffer and even enjoy the lifestyles of the past - which is the whole point of making these programs in the first place.Last word: 1900 House, like Colonial House, is a great television for adults and children alike. It's our loss that more programs like this aren't produced.
8/16
5.0
1110326400
B001B8XRAU
I didn't even want to watch this movie. I wasn't compelled to see it in the theater and I wasn't enthusiastic about it once the DVD showed up in the house.But then I watched the first fifteen minutes . . . and, well, it got interesting. As others have noted, Depp's acting is, as usual, superb. The man is one of the best actors we have at this time. And the story does pull you in. The characters are well drawn (as is the case with most King novels) and viewers will want to see what happens to them as the story progresses.However, the story itself and Stephen King's reputation are part of the problem.&quot;Secret Window&quot; was based on a King novella within the larger work &quot;Four Past Midnight.&quot; For some reason, King's novellas and shorter novels (Stand By Me, Shawshank, The Shining, Carrie) have translated the best to film while his longer works (The Stand, Tommyknockers) are utterly horrible. Given this track record, &quot;Secret Window&quot; should have been one of the better King movies. The problem here is that &quot;Four Past Midnight&quot; was never an example of King's better work. Thus, in a sense, the director has to rescue the movie from the perception of King as the &quot;master of horror.&quot; When you have the deck stacked against you like that it's hard to come through with the goods. &quot;Secret Window&quot; is basically a love triangle in which one of the characters goes nuts. A plausible story, but it's difficult to present a story as routine as this is in a manner that will satisfy the hype.&quot;Secret Window&quot; is a good movie. It's just not great. And it's certanly not worthy of all the King hype. Still, it's worth a look. Depp's acting is especially worth watching. And the story, if you're in the mood, is a bit scary at times.As for the DVD, it's also worth a look. The deleted scenes are nothing special, but the featurette sequences are interesting, more so in fact than most such extras on other DVDs. Far too often we get DVDs which show us scene after boring scene showing us the technical aspects of how a movie was filmed. Here we at least get a brief glance at some of the human interest aspects behind the camera. I would have liked to have seen an interview with the author, but that seems to be a rarity amongst all DVDs. I think that all movies adapted from books should have this extra feature (assuming the author is still alive).
0/1
4.0
1090195200
0517706822
I wish this book had been available years ago.I was raised in a fundamentalist household and attended a private "Christian" academy where we would sing "Onward Christian Soldiers" during chapel. Then, afterwards, the kids would pour out into the playground and beat the ... out of the less popular kids. This was viewed as "OK" by the school's religious teachers.What particularly struck me at that time was not my own experiences, but the blatant immorality attributed to God. Even as a child I KNEW that the idea of God slaughtering millions of people just because they didn't believe a certain thing -- even though they were good people overall -- was just wrong. If God was that way then I wanted no part of it!If you can relate to anythig I've just written then you'll love "Stealing Jesus." It's nothing less than cathartic to read the author's explanations of how, why and where these warped religious beliefs came from.I do have two issues with the book. First, I have to ditto another reviewer's statements that it's hard to understand why it's necessary for the author to insist upon "Christian" as a label.Secondly, and more importantly to me, this book, while it's great for those of us who are recovering from fundamentalist extremes, is still a poor choice for those who need it most. What is soothing to me as a "survivor" would only be enraging to someone who might otherwise be open to other viewpoints. I suppose this is not a criticism as much as a clarification. This book is best used to empower people to respond to funamentalists. It's a poor choice to offer to fundamentalists to explain your views or change their minds, if such a thing is possible.I highly recommend this book. It presents the concept of God in a completely sensical way -- with no moral hypocrisy.
18/22
5.0
1021766400
0609609858
As the author states right at the beginning, she thinks that a woman requires clitoral stimulation to have an orgasm. Later on she states that sex, for women, should mimic masturbation and not the other way around.Women's lack of orgasm via penetration is not necessarily a reflection of the women's biology as it is the man's. (Or rather, a man's failure to control his biology.) While the author bashes men in several places in the book, she misses her one true opportunity here. The reason more women don't have more internal orgasms is because men fail to take the time to allow their partners to be pleasured that way. The correlation (the rarity of such orgasms) does not prove that that this is the inherent outcome. Basic science 101.The idea that sex should mimic women's masturbation is surely a real killer to intimacy. There's no reason why one has to mimic the other. What's wrong with them being just different? This kind of approach might work for one night stands and flings, but couples in committed relationships are going to want more. Of course, this view would be lost on the author because she's already stated her belief (not the fact) that these kinds of sexual encounters aren't really possible in the first place.This author has had her own experiences and this has biased her views about sex. If you want a scientific apporach to the topic you'll want to look elsewhere.
9/39
2.0
1129766400
0029148510
There is no doubt that much of what Holmes writes is true or solidly based in fact. However, there are glaring ommissions from this book that are quite damming.Holmes quotes Col. S.L.A. Marshall at length throughout the book. And yet, despite this pattern, not once (that I could find anyway) did Holmes mention the massive WW II Marshall study which concluded that the *majority* of US combat troops did not fire in the heat of combat.Marshall showed how many soldiers, in the heat of combat, exhibit "posturing" which is identical to behavior exhibited throughout the animal world. The idea is to look and sound aggressive without actually attacking to kill. In combat this might mean shooting wildly in various directions, shooting over the enemy's heads, etc. To the casual eye (e.g. watching archival combat footage) this looks like true combat, but it's not. Marshall discovered this behavior through interviews with countless US soldiers who admitted (with much guilt) what they had done.The result of that study was the overhaul of basic training and boot camp so that soldiers not only experienced the sights and sounds of combat, but that they also simulate killing as much as possible - which in turn has resulted in a huge majority of US soldiers (since Vietnam) actually shooting to kill.Essentially, the Marshall study negates much of Holme's central thesis that warfare is "natural" for men and that most men seek it out willingly.Holmes also gives lip service to women and combat and uses convenient examples to discredit. For example, many people use Israel as an example of a sexually intregated force. This is despite the fact, as Holmes points out, that women really don't handle weapons much in the Israeli military. However, there is at least one force that Holmes failed to mention -- the Viet Cong which consisted of over 75 percent women! Because he doesn't mention that example, he can easily sweep the issue of sex under the rug. The truth of the matter is, in war environments where one side views itself as attempting to liberate itself women usually play an integral role, including combat. This was seen throughout the 20th century.Holmes' sociological ignorance is never more obvious than when he discusses the sexuality of soldiers versus those who oppose war. Soldiers biologically want sex with women more! Holmes issues this proclamation without the slightest effort to back it up or to explore other options. In Holmes' world all soldiers are heterosexual and want lots of sex. This would certainly be surprising to the many great homosexual military leaders in warfare history. And I think quite a few "peaceniks" from the 60's might have some contrary evidence to offer Holmes as well.Holmes is a historian with a military background. He is not a sociologist and he lacks the experience, training and understanding to explore deeper issues and to look at contradictions to his beliefs.I give this book two stars just because this is important field to look at. Hopefully someone with better understanding of the use of propaganda (from all sides), gender roles, sexism, cultural history (that isn't Anglo Saxon!) will come along and do this topic justice.
24/48
2.0
1105660800
B00004ZEHM
David. O. Russell, the director of Three Kings, is arguably the most courageous person in all of Hollywood. He created a film that tells the truth about the Gulf War with gut wrenching imagery, symbolism and, yes, even humor.After three weeks in wide release I finally got around to viewing this picture. I had been hesitant to go because I thought it might be just another gung ho, rah rah war movie that glorified US foreign policy. Was I ever wrong.Three Kings, starring George Clooney, Mark Wahlberg and Ice Cube, tells the story of a small group of soldiers at the end of the Gulf War during the "cease fire" who head out on their own, unbeknownst to their superior officers, to find millions of dollars worth of gold that Saddam Hussein stole from Kuwait. At first all goes as planned, they find the gold and are ready to head back to base with the stolen loot. But then the reality in their midst sets in.The cease fire agreed to by US President George Bush has created a horrible situation for the Iraqis who want to oust Saddam from power. US soldiers are no longer "legally" allowed to fire upon Iraqi soldiers even though many are being ordered by Saddam Hussein to terrorize and murder any and all resistance groups, including women, children and the elderly. The men are faced with the dilemma: Take the gold with them or do what's morally right and help the people who the US government has abandoned to Saddam's military.Part of this film's astonishing quality is that it combines humor with its biting political commentary. Simply put, David O. Russell knows how to use a soundtrack, frequently in jarring contrast with the action that's taking place on the screen. In one scene the small group of US soldiers careens into Karbala with the Beach Boys song "I Get Around" blaring on the tape deck and a Bart Simpson doll as an ornament on the hood, all while Iraqi troops are killing the local civilians who are rebelling against Saddam. In another scene the soldiers are listening to Chicago's soft hit "If You Leave Me Now" as they head into battle with Republican Guard troops. I don't think I'll ever be able to hear that song again without thinking of this movie.I don't want to give any more details because you simply must see this movie for yourself. But I must warn viewers: This film does have graphic violence and at least two scenes that depict what a bullet does to a person's internal organs. However, that's reality -- it's war as it really is. I cannot stress that point enough. While the overall plot is fictitious, the background story surrounding Three Kings is all accurate. For example, the area surrounding Karbala, the town depicted in the film where the gold is hidden, is the very place where Saddam's army slaughtered an estimated 10,000+ Iraqis who did as George Bush asked and "rose up against Saddam." And the reality is, the US government left those people to hang in the wind to suffer under Saddam's military.Karbala is not the only truthful element of this film. David O. Russell also shows how big media colluded with the US government in only reporting a filtered view of what was taking place. And he also shows how the US government supported Saddam's military prior to the Gulf War when it was at war with Iran. The scene where an Iraqi soldier explains to the US soldier he's torturing that he learned his "expertise" from the US military is a damning commentary on US foreign policy.Russell commented in one interview, "I'm presenting fact. George Bush has said himself that he has regrets about the way the war was ended."I have not been this emotional about a film since Casualties of War, the true story of how a Vietnamese village girl was abducted, raped and murdered by US soldiers and how one man struggled to bring the perpetrators to justice. When I viewed both of these films I had to fight to keep from weeping. What both these films share is that, while they might have certain cinematic "flaws," both depicted real events that occurred while the US was at war. Remember that when viewing Three Kings.What you see on the screen -- the shooting of an unarmed mother pleading for her husband's life, the slaughter of civilians, the US government censorship of the media -- is pretty much what really happened. While Americans were parading through the streets because we "won" the war, the Iraqi people who did stand up to Saddam -- under the encouragement of President George Bush who indicated that the US government would support an uprising -- were all slaughtered. Those same people did indeed wonder, "Where is the US military? Why aren't they helping us?"If you can stomach the imagery, you should see this film. I urge everyone who is unaware of what has happened to the Iraqi people to see it.Michael Moore, of Roger & Me, TV Nation and Awful Truth fame, stated that Three Kings is "the best movie of the year." I'm willing to go a step further. It's also one of the bravest movies ever created and ranks up there All Quiet on the Western Front, Born on the 4th of July, Paths of Glory and other such films which tell us what we already know but refuse to acknowledge.
17/22
5.0
1021766400
B000ZLFAXG
"He Was a Quiet Man" tells the story of Bob, a drone office worker contemplating killing his obnoxious coworkers. Is what you're watching real, or just Bob's fantasy? And why does he feel and act the way he does? You have to watch the film to decide for yourself.The promo statements on the DVD case say this film is a "black comedy/thriller." While watching it I looked at it as a quirky drama looking inside the mind of a man who's lost control his life and on the brink of a life ending crisis."He Was a Quiet Man" is all those things. At times it's a black comedy, at times it's a thriller, and at times it's a straight drama. It felt like someone had taken "Office Space" and combined it with "Memento." (The DVD case promo text says it's a cross between "Office Space" and "Taxi Driver" so I wasn't too far off.) Unfortunately, the excellent parts do not result in an excellent whole. The different approaches just didn't work.Despite the lack of cohesiveness, it is nonetheless thought provoking. When the credits run you'll have something to talk about - alienation, gender roles (the introduction brings up male rage in response to feeling castrated by modern feminism and then essentially drops it), corporate culture, mental illness and so on.This is one of those rare films where I actually want to watch it again with the director's commentary. I consider that huge compliment because it means I want to explore the potential meanings and ideas I might have missed the first time I watched it.As others have already noted, this is arguably Christian Slater's best work ever. I didn't think he could act until I saw this movie. It's not Oscar material, but it proves he has some chops. Slater loses himself in the role so we see Bob, not Slater.It's unfortunate that the director couldn't seem to focus on what kind of movie he wanted to make. "He Was a Quiet Man" could have been so much more and gone on to receive attention and awards. But don't let its flaws keep you from watching it.
3/7
4.0
1201132800
B00005JN8Q
When I was younger I remember looking forward to watching this show. I even had a few episodes recorded off air on VHS that I watched several times - especially "No Day at the Beach" (in this set) and "Family Dog" (in the second season, not in this set).Even as a teen, however, I remember frequently feeling let down by what I saw versus what was expected - "amazing" stories. In many many episodes there is just zero tension as to what's going to happen next.In "Ghost Train" grandpa says the 407 is going to pick him up that night and smash through the house and that's exactly what happens. Along the way we get to see some borderline campy acting. Or there were episodes where the solution was just silly nonsensical such as with "The Mission" when the fighter plane is saved by a . . . drawing. Yes, a drawing.The shows tended to either of these two patterns - either a telegraphed plot or a deus ex machina ending.I don't think the issue is just that this show was filmed in the 80s. I've rewatched many St. Elsewhere episodes and, once they got out of the first season, most are still good by today's standards. Ditto for "Hill Street Blues."After all these years the only episode ever of "Amazing Stories" that truly stands the test of time IMO is season two's "Family Dog." I've watched it several times over the years and it's always funny. Unfortunately, my VHS copy has worn out and it's not included in this set.The only thing that stood out to me by watching these shows was getting to see the earlier/lesser known work of various actors such as Kevin Costner, Kiefer Sutherland, Harvey Keitel and others. Otherwise, I found myself actually fast forwarding through scenes because they were just too silly. Die hard fans might scoff and, based on the many positive reviews here, the show has held well with many viewers. It might also be good for parents to show their pre-teen kids given the generally safe stories and topics.
5/8
3.0
1212796800
0385314698
Books that go into rich details typically don't interest me. "Get to the point already!" is something I might think if an author diddles around too long on description without advancing the plot or the character development.Hellenga goes into a great detail about art and books and their restoration and somehow makes it all interesting. Perhaps he's tapped into the psyche of book lovers by addressing one of our fears: Imagine your most favorite, rare books that you've collected have been damaged and need to be restored or they'll be lost forever. In this case, the author is talking about the treasures of an entire country and not just one person.But this is just the setting and background. Hellenga is also able to apply his same sensual descriptions to his characters and describes the thoughts and life of an American woman in Italy quite ably.I've given several copies of "The Sixteen Pleasures" to my friends, particularly women. It's that good. Quite simply, it is sumptuous and sensual and a pleasure to read.Far too many readers make a point of Hellenga being a man. Donna Tart wrote as a man in "The Secret History" and Jeffrey Eugenides wrote as a hermaphrodite in "Middlesex." In both cases the authors nailed their characters. Why so hard to believe that Hellenga, as a man, can't handle a female character? Besides, anyone with the illusion that Hellenga is all touchy feely only needs to read his book "The Fall of the Sparrow" in which he describes the life of a typical older professor who has frequent sex with one of his female students. If anything, he's versatile. If you love "Pleasures" you might not be as enthralled with "Sparrow" which, although a good read in my opinion, just has a different reading audience.
16/17
5.0
1080777600
0452282500
I picked this book up because I was intrigued by the title. Unfortunately, it only took me seconds to see that the author had a very specific ideology that was ignoring other psychological and historical viewpoints. For example, the author points out that &quot;adults are on time&quot; and that being late is an &quot;act of passive aggressiveness.&quot; While this can be true many times, it is certainly not true all the time. Anyone who knows the Jungian based Myers-Briggs personality test will know that &quot;perceivers&quot; are notoriously late because they get easily distracted while &quot;judgers&quot; are frequently early for every appointment. But in the author's world, only the &quot;J&quot; personality type is &quot;mature.&quot; Another statement the author makes, on the very same page, is that being adult means &quot;raising your own children.&quot; Sounds fair on its face. However, it ignores historical and economic facts. The nuclear family of two parents and children is a 20th century creation. In the past, societies had extended families that were heavily involved in the rearing of the children while parents worked. This is still true in many societies even today. So how does this become a definition of maturity across the board? I don't get it. Obviously, people shouldn't just have children willy-nilly and ignore their needs. But the author's perspective is pretty much B&amp;W. Their is no gray. (IMO, this is in itself a statement of immaturity.) The whole thing just smacks of a certain political mindset. My advice: Take the Myers-Briggs test, find out what you are, figure out what parts of your personality need some work. This is a far better solution than having this author spoon feed you her personal views.
4/10
2.0
1070496000
B000E8LQP6
For a first novel Audrey Niffenegger has done a wonderful job of creating a new and interesting perspective on time travel using a love story as the foreground.The first half of the book was absolutely stupendous. Niffenegger sets up her premise and you get pulled into her world. It was at this point that I thought I would be recommending this book to everyone and buying extra copies for my friends for Christmas.And then things began to fail to add up or were just disturbing. (Spoiler alert.)Niffenegger creates certain rules (as required by most sci-fi/fantasy) for her world. Henry, the time traveler, can't really change things, he can only really observe. Then, when the plot requires it and Clare needs more space in their house, he wins the lottery. This brings out several problems. One, if he can do that, why can't he do other things? Two, if he can be rich, why can't he affect things outside of his life such as people who are destitute, charities or political causes? And why don't these issues even come up - does he even care? And three, the lottery is brought up and then . . . forgotten.This pattern occurs again when Henry seeks medical attention. We're drawn in as he convinces his doctor (who smokes in his office - give me a break!) to treat him and study his DNA. And then we have to wait 100+ pages as Niffenegger follows Clare's obsession with having a baby over several years. What's Henry's doctor doing to treat Henry? We don't know because we're not shown.Both Clare and Henry, in the latter half of the novel, are presented in a rather flawed manner.Henry is confronted with his own mortality, more so than most humans. But does he discuss it, think about it, reveal the details to his loved ones as he should do? Not really.Clare on the other hand becomes downright selfish and obsessed in the second half. She betrays one of her best friends not just once, but twice. There's an annoying scene where she tries to &quot;protect&quot; Alba, her daughter, from medical assistance against Henry's wishes when he so obviously knows what's best far better than she does. And then there's the ending in which we are given nothing about Clare's life after Henry's departure. It's as if her life was nothing without him. She did nothing, accomplished nothing.The book reminded me at the end of &quot;Wuthering Heights&quot; by Emily Bronte. A compliment of sorts. But like &quot;Heights,&quot; &quot;The Time Traveler's Wife&quot; is about an unhealthy expression of love and obsession.One of the things that felt so odd about the book was it's lack of involvement with the outside world. It seems unlikely that Henry's actions would be so ignored by the government. Wouldn't someone catch on, start investigating, and then want in on the action? Wouldn't Henry's friends be more persistant about getting help, especially about money? Wouldn't both Henry and Clare be interested in helping others with Henry's knowledge? It's as if Clare and Henry are living in their own cocoon because none of these issues are really brought up.Overall, Niffenegger makes the mistake of having &quot;idiot plot&quot; devices control her story. Why is something there? It's there because the plot demands it, not because it fits with the characters or the real story.All of this is such a shame given the book's first half which just glowed with promise. Despite all these criticisms, it's still a good read. It's just not going to be a classic.
176/248
3.0
1084924800
B000HBIUNG
I purchased the 655 after reading a glowing review on cnet. I had read a lot of reviews on multiple sites that indicated that a lot of bluetooth headsets didn't provide a clear signal. Based on the cnet review I assumed the 655 was different.This being my first bluetooth headset, I'm not exactly sure what the standard is. However, the Plantronics literature for this model clearly states that users will have "33 feet to roam." In my experience, using a Blackberry 8700g, this is just false. I get a clear signal 8 to 10 feet away from my phone. After that the static kicks in and and increases dramatically as the distance increases. Maybe Plantronics is just copying the hyperbole of other manufactuers. Nonetheless,I'm not sure if I would have purchased this model if I had known that I was limited to 10 feet at most.With that said, I do find that reception is very clear within the 8 foot range. Also, the volume control is excellent. I found it easier to hear voices with the 955 than anything I'd experienced with a dozen corded headsets.The accessories are probably the biggest selling point. The 955 comes with three earpieces and can be recharged via a AAA battery, USB or with a provided electrical adapter.If you're looking for a bluetooth set that provides clear reception beyond 10 feet (like they claim they're supposed to) then I wish you luck. As of late 2006, based on reviews I've read, I wasn't able to find a single headset that gave that kind of reception. It seems that bluetooth headsets are not yet ready for prime time.
69/90
3.0
1158537600
7883704540
Ratatouille isn't Pixar's best movie by any stretch, but it is still entertaining nonetheless. The animation is superb, especially the broad scenes of Paris and the city skyline. The voice acting is dead on. The story is . . . well, perhaps not excellent, but at least very good.This is an animated film for older kids and adults. It is what it is, regardless of any inappropriate marketing. It seems in many people's minds that animated films "must" be geared towards young children. There are no song and dance routines (thank God!) and the dialogue is definitely over the heads of younger children. So what? That doesn't mean the movie deserves fewer stars, it just means it has a different audience.The only reason I give the film four stars is that I do agree with some critics that there should have been more humor. It's just not that funny a movie unfortunately. Still, it is worth watching if you're into quality animation, cooking, or just plain good movies with stunning visuals.
8/12
4.0
1185148800
0965352439
It's so odd that the best books by Catherine Ryan Hyde (this one and her book of short stories, &quot;Earthquake Weather&quot;) are out of print while her lesser work is still being published.&quot;Funerals for Horses&quot; is not nearly as uplifting as &quot;Pay it Forward&quot; (it's not its purpose) and it is a million times more realistic than either &quot;Electric God&quot; or &quot;Walter's Purple Heart.&quot; In both of these more recent novels it was obvious that Hyde was in way over her head. Not so with &quot;Funerals.&quot; Here she flexed her literary muscle.&quot;Funerals&quot; is a descent into a family's dark past and, at times, even into madness. I believe it could even be described as cathartic, especially for anyone recovering from their own childhood. Through it all Hyde maintains a believable tone and atmosphere which is a tough path to follow. Not too many authors can approach this topic (metaphor, family abuse, mental illness) without coming off as melodramatic or just incoherent.I can't say that &quot;Funerals&quot; is for everyone. But it is an excellent novel nonetheless. I highly recommend it.
3/3
5.0
1081987200
0874869595
The critiques of this book from supposed veterans is disturbing. It is indeed true that many American soldiers (most, surely) did not and have not committed war crimes. However, to totally ignore history and overwhelming evidence smacks of ultra nationalistic pride and an unwillingness to look into your own heart.A Marine officer, a colonel I believe, when finding out about the My Lai massacre commented, &quot;Every brigade has its My Lai.&quot; I have no idea how many brigades served in Vietnam, but even one My Lai was too much!There are in fact extensive personal narrative history books from not just the Vietnam War, but other wars as well, including WW I, II, and Korea that PROVE the reality of this book. The truth is, soldiers from all countries, INCLUDING from the U.S., have committed atrocious and morally reprehensible war crimes. To suggest otherwise is blind ignorance and pride.And to argue that the US government always prosecutes perpetrators?! Certainly not. The soldiers involved in the true incident depicted in the movie &quot;Casualties of War&quot; (having read the original nonfiction text I can assure all that the movie is very faithful to the truth) received, only a few years of prison time. And even then, the soldier who brought them to justice had to fight for months and months for the US Army to do something about the rape and murder of a young village girl. And that is just one story of many that could be told . . . Again, it's laughable to think that the US government would actively prosecute its own soldiers. History has proven otherwise again and again.I salute those who have gone into combat. But that doesn't deny the reality of war.I recommend this book.
7/8
5.0
981072000
0965352471
In just about all the stories presented here we have some common elements - western US setting, characters down on their luck and sometimes a little rough, and usually a positive or reaffirming message despite the messy environment Hyde has created.While no specific story stands out as grand art, all are good reads that show skill in creating characters and carrying a story forward in a short space of time. In too many short stories it seems like there's no point, that the whole thing was a college course exercise in creating a single scene. Or its the opposite extreme in which you've got all plot and no character to care about. Hyde somehow does the miraculous and pulls both off in just about every story here. And she does it all in a positive and life affirming way.Far and away, I consider this her best work. This is perhaps not a popular view among Catherine Ryan Hyde fans, but her later work has gotten sloppy, especially in her last two books, &quot;Electric God&quot; and &quot;Walter's Purple Heart&quot; in which she presents us with unrealistic characters and situations. But that is simply not the case here.If you've read any of Hyde's later books and you want more then I highly recommend &quot;Earthquake Weather.&quot; You'll be pleasantly surprised that perhaps her best book ever is the one that's sadly out of print.
1/1
5.0
1080777600
B0002P0EK4
I've worked as the director of a political nonprofit and had to deal with the tactics of MoveOn. Here's basically what they do: They decide to have an action (e.g. lobbying Congress), they send out a bunch of emails, people register on their site, and then a dozen or so show up at a Congressional office. Almost no input from local activist leaders and no communication with like minded nonprofits. Total top-down approach.MoveOn started as an organization supporting Clinton when he was being attacked by Republicans. Now they've taken the mantle as an "anti-war" group now that Bush is in office. Nowhere close to truth in advertising. If they were anti-war they would have opposed many of Clinton's foreign policies - especially his Iraq policy. But they didn't do that. They were Democratic Party patsies.So here we have this book. As someone who has worked professionally as an activist organizer, I'm not impressed. Some of the ideas are actually just wrong! For example, emailing any political office is a waste of time. Period. It is naive to suggest that it makes a difference. Online petitions are also typically inadequate. Paper ones are good, but only if utilized properly and the media is let in on the project. A lot of the other ideas are ho-hum.What's amazing is how much they missed - not a single mention of bird-dogging politicians when they campaign. Astounding. Explain that to Mr. John Strange who challeged Sec. of State Albright at a town hall meeting and ripped her arguments to shreads which helped result in preventing a bombing of Iraq! There are other forms of bird-dogging - street theater, for example.Another thing missing in the book is the issue of working with libertarians and conservatives who agree with progressives on certain issues. The peace movement, for example, _should_ be able to find allies from these quarters if they actually tried. But then . . . MoveOn isn't going to advoate for this. Why? Because they aren't issue activists - they're political party activists. If you're looking to advance the Democratic Party maybe that's fine. If you want to work towards actually changing BOTH parties you will probably want to look elsewhere for ideas.Sadly, as negs to this review show, the left, just like the right, can't handle criticism no matter how factual. &lt;Sigh.> There are days I wish groups like MoveOn and the Heritage Foundation (or any other right wing group) would just all jump off a cliff and leave us all alone.
16/26
2.0
1108339200
B00005JO9K
A lot of reviewers are asking why this set is taking so long to release on DVD. The reason why is the music and licensing involved. Read on . . .One has to admit that Cold Case is willfully sentimental. If you don't like your heart strings being tugged then you won't like this show. But for those of us who do, this is one of the better programs on network television.Besides original plots, one of the reasons Cold Case is so successful is its use of music to place a story in a specific time. If it's the 1940s you might hear big band music. If it's the 80s it might be fluffy techno rock. For anyone who's lived through the period being depicted, this use of music can bring on a flood of associated memories. We feel what's being shown on the screen because we've been there. And even if we haven't, using period piece music is just good television.This is a warning to both the producers and, more importantly, anyone buys this disc. If you want a warning of what they might do, just look at Quantum Leap. Because of various copyright holders who were too greedy to allow their music to be used on the DVD, QL was released without many of its original songs. It ruined the show for many of us who liked the show in its original form.Cold Case has far more music than Quantum Leap ever had. So buyer beware - the producers might try to rip us off and sell us the show without one of the primary reasons we like it in the first place.And producer beware - if you want us to buy your product, sell us the show we love to watch. We're not interested in some faux copy. Failing to do so WILL harm your bottom line. I know I have never purchased a Quantum Leap set because of this issue and I won't buy a Cold Case set either if it's been edited from its original version.
447/453
5.0
1165795200
0789493594
As a dictionary junkie, I've used a lot of dictionaries. By far, the Oxford Illlustrated is most enjoyable to use. I could even use the word fun.Unfortunately, many professional book reviewers state that this dictionary is used primarily for a home with children or a classroom. While it is a great book for that demographic, it's a also a sheer pleasure for any adult.Gone are the days of simplistic pencil drawings and flat lifeless paper. This dictionary has thousands of interesting illustrations and glossy paper. It's about as multi-media a book can get without being a computer program. Perhaps this does sound like it's only for kids. But it's not. It's truly a dictionary that almost anyone can open up and actually just enjoy looking at and reading - on almost any given page. This isn't something one can say about any dictionary before DK and Oxford got together to publish this book.Obviously, if you're looking primarily for word history and extensive multipe definitions this dictionary isn't for you.The original version of the Illustrated Oxford English Dictionary was published in 1998 at 1008 pages. This new edition, published in 2003, is described on the DK web site as &quot;completely updated.&quot; I haven't been able to do direct comparisons, but given the fact that this edition is also 1008 pages the update couldn't have been too substantial. However, given that there were errors in the earlier edition and certain ommitted current words, it's best to go with this most recent edition.
20/20
5.0
1080172800
B0002EMY9Y
For the past 25 years I've either pushed my cameras/film to the limit with no flash at all or suffered the consequences of either a harsh direct flash or an inadequate bounce flash. Up until this point I had yet to use a single flash that worked well that I could afford.I've been using my D90 for several months now and was impressed with its high ISO capabilities. ISO 1600 looks great and 2400 to 3200 is acceptable as long as you don't plan to blow the image up too much. But there has been an obvious line as to how far I could go in low light situations. High ISO can only get you so far.A friend asked me to photograph her daughter's birthday bash inside a small banquet room with a dance floor. Forget the high ISO and the pop up flash was out of the question. Three hours before the event I finally caved and bought the SB-600. Right out of the box it did the job and exceeded my expectations.1. No red eyes with the bounce.2. Superb lighting in almost every shot - except for the times when I had the bounce at the wrong angle. Can't fault the flash for that.3. Quickly able to shift between horizontal and vertical shots with the rotating flash head.4. Super fast repeat response time. Was able to take up to three shots in fast succession on a dimly lit dance floor using Sony 2500 mAh rechargeable nimh batteries. Only after 3 shots did the unit slow down to recharge.Maybe in the past I was just using flash units that were too cheap to do the job correctly. It was as if the SB-600 made everyone more photogenic. Repeatedly nailed group photos in only 1 or 2 shots. I had grown accustomed to taking 4 or 5 shots in the past.I briefly looked at the SB-800, but the price was just too high. At this point I don't need a master flash and the power of the 600 was more than adequate for my needs. Some of what Nikon says the 600 "can't do" it actually can if you search around on the net for homemade workarounds. If you have a Nikon and you're not a pro who needs the SB-800 the SB-600 is a no-brainer.
2/3
5.0
1233446400
1859845010
As a former US Army Intelligence Analyst, and as a long term lobbyist on this issue, I cannot recommend this book highly enough. The analysis of the US dominated policy toward Iraq is dead on accurate. On the inside flap of the book there are three quotes, the first being one from a member National Security Council in 1991: "Our goal is to remove Saddam Hussein, not his regime."This quote reveals the US policy not just toward Iraq, but is also useful in understanding what the US did in Afghanistan: The US government purposely and willfully destroyed attempts to extradite bin Laden -- just as it has destroyed all popularly supported methods to remove Saddam from power. As the book says so bluntly, it's about leadership change, not regime change in Iraq. As for Afghanistan, as Sen. Biden, chair of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, put it, "The worst outcome would be if bin Laden was extradited."About the only negative remark I can make about this book is that it's mostly from a British perspective and might not be the best choice for American readers. No matter, I urge everyone to read this book, buy it, give it to your friends, especially the ones who think that President Bush is doing the right thing. I have never recommended a book on Iraq this way. But this one is that good and more important than ever as we face a potential war in Iraq.
57/70
5.0
1035936000
B0002YLC24
"Before Sunset" picks up ten years later after "Before Sunrise." Many of us already know these characters. We know what's at stake between them, to a degree . . . although some of that we learn as "Sunset" takes us to its conclusion. Whereas "Sunrise" was about impulsive young love, "Sunset" is about lost chances, remorse, and holding on to that last thread of hope.For all these reasons and more "Sunset" is the better film. It's more tightly woven than the first and we know pretty early on what our number one question is - will they finally get together as a couple? (Despite what the film's critics argue, the answer is fairly obvious in the last few seconds.)The film dances around the edges of intimacy at the beginning - just like it would happen in real life. The characters chat about life, politics, career, philosophy. Only when time ticks away and both realize what they are about to lose, once again, do they begin to turn to their inner most thoughts and desires.It's a bit disheartening to see the reviews of films such as "The Notebook" which are sappy, poorly acted and unrealistic compared to "Before Sunset" which so clearly shows a level of love, realism and attention to detail.I also have to disagree with those who have stated that this film is "anti-American." Poll after poll has shown that the majority of people on the planet, including the industrialized world, oppose US foreign policy. You can dislike that fact if you want. However, it would ludicrous to suggest that a European would not be critical of the US. Still, the French government is no better and have committed horrendous acts of their own. So I would argue that Delphy's character, while perhaps realistic, is either naive or a bit nationalistic herself for not bashing her own government, not just the US. But all of this is besides the point . . ."Before Sunset," like it's prequel, will likely stand the test of time in the world of cinema. It's romantic, thought provoking and ground breaking. It's one of those films like "Memento" that others will only be able to copy
8/13
5.0
1117411200
0789468069
I can't speak for the captions for the photographs in this book. However, I'm sure anyone looking to purchase this volume is mostly looking for a visual item anyway. I'm also betting that many people won't even bother to read many of the captions and will just enjoy browsing through all the great photographs.Dorling Kindersley, the book's publisher, has a well deserved reputation for making books so fully illustrated that they've single handedly revolutationized the publishing industry, especially for reference, travel and history books.This book, at over 1000 pages and probably even more illustrations, is a huge bargain now that it's out of print. Maybe at full retail one should balk at inadequate captions. But at these prices, this is a steal and makes a perfect gift for almost anyone, from pre-teens to adults of all ages.
0/0
5.0
1080864000
B000HZIBCW
I bought these shoes when the came up as a Gold Box deal. Only about 35 bucks. They just weren't worth it even at that price. Found them very painful to wear, especially on outer side of each foot. The length was not an issue, it was the overall design and width. I'm also not a fan of this particular style, but to each his own.I definitely recommend that potential buyers know in advance how Kenneth Cole shoes fit before buying here. I know that I won't buy another after this.I know from experience that Ecco shoes fit me right out of the box regardless of style. They're almost as comfortable as sneakers. These Kenneth Coles . . . not even close. As soon as I can pick up a pair of Eccos at the nearby factory store outlet these are getting donated to a thrift store.
0/0
2.0
1247097600
B00075WJUW
The one thing worse than having to replace a shoddily built cell phone is having to deal with headsets designed to last only months.I've used probably dozens of various headsets. I was desperate one day and purchased this model. Everything seemed fine at first, although I did have some minor gripes. The volume control is meaningless, for one. I turned it up to its fullest strength and it was barely acceptable. You'd have to be the Six Million Dollar Woman to be able to use the lower settings.The manufacturer includes two additional colord soft "tubes" for cosmetic purposes. These are placed on the small arm that stretches towards your mouth. They have no practical purpose.What they didn't include were additional earpieces which is what you really need. This headset is designed with a small rubber-like earpiece that swivels on the plastic frame. This is for comfort and to better direct the sound into your ear. There's just one problem - this piece falls off! Mine came off several times and I was luckily abie to find it and put it back on. This lasted a few weeks. I've now lost the piece and can't find it. What remains is a hard plastic frame with ridges that hurt your ear. The headset, minus this small essential piece, is virtually useless at this point.The manufacturer could have solved this problem a couple of ways. One, provide additional earpieces. Two, make it so the thing doesn't fall off to begin with.Don't waste your money on this one.
1/1
2.0
1152748800
1560973145
"Combusion" is part "The Thin Red Line," part "All Quiet On the Western Front," part Vietnam War, and part altogether something else. This is a short graphic novel with no words and a compelling message that we need to question what leads us to war and violence. Full of thought provoking symbolism, "Combustion" is worth its small price tag and more.
1/1
5.0
1022630400
0809225352
"Lapsing Into a Comma" is perhaps the most interesting stylebook one will find in print today. Reader's just have to beware that this is the _author's_ stylebook.You'll find the usual suspects here with clear explanations about how to handle them. Punctuation, grammar and spelling are all covered, from the use of commas to the proper spelling of some famous individuals. The latter is one example of how different this book is. Knowing the proper spelling of Nicolas Cage's name might be entertaining and useful to those working for a newspaper, but I'm not sure it makes for a better reference book.Some of the "rules" presented here will invariably be treated arbitrarily by the public. Some rules we follow, others just don't sound correct when we speak them so we move on. And sometimes what we think we know is not true at all.Three examples:Walsh makes the grammatically correct point that sports teams (or rock bands) with singular names (e.g. The Who, The Orlando Magic, etc.) must be combined with singular verbs. He argues that this is subject-verb agreement. While that is true, people simply don't think this way. The Magic are a team full of individuals. (See, I just made the "mistake" in the previous sentence! I did it without thought.) People don't think of the Magic as a he. They think of the Magic as a them. Just like the Yankees. Walsh dismisses these concerns, but he's ultimately spitting into the wind. People don't talk or think in this manner, subject-verb agreement or no. Fifty years from now someone writing about grammar will lament the fact that no one follows this rule. Get over it.While Walsh is annoyed by this example, he also states that the current oral tradition of using plural (they, them) instead of singular pronouns (he, she) might trump the grammatical rule. And he's OK with that. I happen to agree with him, but it only weakens his earlier point. If the oral tradition creates the rule in this case then why doesn't it in another?Then there's at least one example where Walsh is just clearly wrong and, ironically, injects his own political views while accusing others of doing the same. Under the term gender Walsh claims that it came about as a result of the word "sex" being viewed as specific to the sexual act. He gives the example "race and sex preferences" and then says that _he_ thinks "sexual preferences" when he hears this term. Funny, I never thought of that until I read his words! But that's not the most important point.Walsh criticizes those who would "politicize" the word gender by making it refer to behavior. His example goes something like this: Johnny likes to wear dresses so he's of the female gender. The problem is that the word gender came from the fields of sociology and psychology long before it was in common use today. The very roots of this word are _specific_ to behavior. There are no politics about it. In 1990 when you said the word gender you were talking about behavior, no genitalia. Walsh, who apparently didn't speak with a sociologiy or psychology professor before writing this, makes it appear as if the original meaning is the new "political" definition while at the same time injecting his own current political view - one that rejects the the need for a term which recognizes varying degrees of gendered behavior among the sexes.Despite these criticisms, I still recommend this book. It's interesting and educational. Just beware of the fact that this is a stylebook and, by definition, expresses the author's viewpoint.
14/27
4.0
1089763200
B000H5U800
This two sided DVD with both Hawaii and Californian Zen is a great bargain with double the amount of soothing video for the regular price of one DVD.The producer/distributor has indeed improved this series by removing all promotional audio. All you get is the soothing sound of the waves, wind and birds.I'm not sure if there's really that much difference between Hawaii Zen and Hawaii Waves. Both seemed to have great visual imagery. Check the links provided by the distributor to see which one you'll prefer.The only lacking footage on Hawaii Zen is the first "day" which shows a placid waterfront with rather boring greenery and rocks. It's really lacking in color and beauty and it's puzzling why they included it when the other "days" are clearly much better in quality. Other than that, however, no complaints. (Again, see links and promo photos provided by the DVD distributor to see what I mean.)I purchased this from the distributor (listed on the "Used/Like New" listing page) instead of Amazon and they were super fast with the delivery and their price was a little bit cheaper. Would probably buy from them again.
7/7
5.0
1167782400
B00005JPCF
"Happy Feet" is a great PG rated jukebox animated musical comedy with a positive environmental message that we ignore at our own peril.That's what "Happy Feet" is. The problem is that people are criticizing it for things it was never intended to be. If you wouldn't take a 6 year old to a PG movie then don't take them to this one.Some of the music lyrics are suggestive (but how many can actually hear and understand the words?) and there are accurate depictions of animal behavior at times. The scene in which killer whales attack the penguins is reality. If you don't want your kids exposed to that don't show them this movie.As for the politics of this movie, recent studies have indicated that human over fishing and pollution will destroy most of the world's fish within 50 years. Depicting this reality is hardly "propaganda." It's informing the public that we need to change our ways - and doing it in an entertaining way. (Ignoring this problem is the real "propaganda.")I can't recommend this movie highly enough - as long as the viewer is age/maturity appropriate. If your child is going to think that eating fish sticks is an act of immorality then this movie won't be for them. If they can understand that society itself is harming the penguins then they're old enough to enjoy "Happy Feet."As for the adults, the music in "Happy Feet" is jukebox pop/R&B.; If you're expecting a Disney style musical with original broadway style songs you'll be severely disappointed.The IMax version of "Happy Feet" is visually stunning. View it in that format if you can. The extra admission price is worth it.
5/8
5.0
1164758400
B000FN7UWS
The Klean Kanteens are likely the safest reusable drinking container in the US right now. The plastic containers containing BPA have been found to be unsafe and there are some concerns about Klean's major competitor, Swiss based Sigg, which uses an unknown patented liner of some kind inside their aluminum bottles.The issues with the Siggs are twofold. One, we don't know what the liner is. The Sigg company won't say what it is, although they insist it's completely safe. Two, if the liner fails (which Sigg insists it won't do) you've exposed your drink to aluminum which many folks have legitimate health concerns about.Speaking of concerns, the BPA containing plastic is NOT what is used in the Kantean lids. The idea that the plastic lids (which would have only very minimal contact with the contents - if the bottle is laid on its side for example) is somehow dangerous is only theoretical at best. Likewise, the same for the Sigg bottle lining. Both, neither or one could be completely safe. We do know that the BPA plastic is dangerous and neither bottle contains that.Unlike some other buyers, I have had zero problem with leakage. I've also found the somewhat wider mouth to be extremely practical for using ice, drinking, and washing.However . . . I have owned my 27 oz. Klean Kanteens for a few weeks now. I washed and rinsed them (probably six times) before I ever drank from them. The water I tested tasted and smelled like metal.I have since washed one of my Kanteens multiple times with boiling water (the stainless steel conducts heat so you have to be careful doing this) and cold water, and none of it makes a difference. I continue to smell metal and I taste metal when I drink water. I don't think this is dangerous in any way, but it is annoying and it severely limits my use of the bottles. I've found that I can only use my bottle for flavored drinks.My sense of taste and smell is generally pretty strong so I suspect each person will experience something different. Other reviewers have said they can't taste a thing or they got used to the flavor and don't even notice it anymore. After reading reviews all over the net, however, it's a fact that there are many of us who simply can't ignore the taste and smell.So what to do? Me, I'll keep the Kanteens for flavored drinks, but I'm going to go out and get a Sigg for water. There's no other choice at this time.If you have a strong sense of taste/smell you might have a problem with Klean Kanteens. Don't make the same mistake I did by ordering a bunch of these without first knowing if you'll have an issue. I strongly recommend you purchase only one bottle at first to see if you'll have a problem. If you can't taste anything then you've found the perfect water bottle.
79/83
3.0
1212278400
1572521139
As a [Edit: FORMER] hardcore progressive activist (involved in the peace movement, oppose the death penality, etc.), I've followed the Mumia situation for quite some time. However, I've been troubled, not by the pro-death penality advocates, but by the Pro-Mumia movement itself which has repeatedly relied upon lies and manipulation to make a case for Mumia.There are claims made in this documentary that don't hold up to scrutiny.The caliber of the gun "not matching" the murder weapon: This claim is based on a hand written note of the initial doctor who saw Faulkner's body who had very little training in ballistics. Afterwards this doctor retracted his statement and stated quite bluntly that he was just guessing. Those trained in ballistics have stated that the bullet that killed Faulker did indeed come from the gun owned by Mumia. It was in fact Mumia's gun which killed officer Faulkner. Did Mumia pull the trigger? We can't be 100 percent sure.Mumia's brother has not testified on his behalf nor made ANY - EVER - public statement in defense of Mumia. And Mumia's brother was at the scene of the crime. Mumia activists state that the brother won't come forward because of fear of reprisals. This just doesn't make sense. Mumia has been on death row! Couldn't he make a video statement taped in another country which won't extradite him should there be any ramifications from his actions?Mumia's confession: Pro-Mumia activists claim that the police officer who quotes Mumia confessing to the killing only came forward months after the fact. The argument is that a confession of this importance should have been reported immediately and that this kind of behavior indicates a possible fabrication given the delay. This seems to make sense on its face. However, there was another witness to this incident. A hospital security guard reported within a day or so that Mumia had confessed to the shooting. Pro-Mumia activists point out that the guard was a "friend" of Faulkner. OK, maybe that creates bias, but the fact of the matter is, the guard's statements destroys the attack on on the delayed police report - because there was no delay. This doesn't mean that no one is lying, of course.The trial: There is in fact evidence to show that Mumia did not receive a fair trial. However, as pointed out by others, Mumia certainly didn't help his case by being disruptive. The man seemed almost intent upon angering the judge and doing everything possible to have himself removed from the court room.Eyewitnesses: This is perhaps the most problematic portion of either side. Some say Mumia did it, some say he didn't. Some say there was a running man from the scene of the crime. Just about all the witnesses have ulterior motives and could be dismissed as lacking credibility.Many people don't realize this, but Faulkner had on his body a driver's license which had not been called into the police department. The obvious conclusion is that this license belonged to a third suspect (Mumia, his brother, and someone else). Tracing this license, the police discovered that it belonged to a man with a solid alibi - but he had loaned it to another man who was a friend of Mumia's brother. Voila. Now you have the "running man." Unfortunately, this man has been dead for many years now, killed in an apparent gang shooting.So did Mumia do it? And did he receive a fully fair trial? The evidence points straight to Mumia as the shooter. However, none of this means he got a fair trial or that the police didn't lie to make their case.The problem is, Mumia has come to represent much more than a single event. Progressives of all stripes bring this case up as evidence of police lies and manipulation. This is unfortunate. Mumia's case is not as clear cut as activists make it out to be. Even worse, the constant arguing of his innocence damages the credibility of an entire movement which opposes the death penalty and the rampant racism within the US justice system. More than any other case, Mumia has come to represent to death penalty advocates the overall "lies" of the progressive left.This documentary only contributes further to the damage.
37/55
1.0
1079568000
B00004VXAD
After reading the reviews here I immediately thought after purchasing this model that I would have a problem with the analog clock not working.Well, I plugged it in (I purchased it used) and the analog clock didn't work. It helps to read the directions. The analog clock specifically runs on a battery. I wonder how many &quot;failed&quot; clocks were simply due to either a dead battery or no battery at all? Out of all the things that could go wrong electronically, it seems that this feature would be the _last_ because it's such a simple thing for them to make.Another criticism of this model is the noise. What noise? My analog clock makes none - and I'm actually disappointed! As for the alarms, you have a volume control.About the only criticism I have is that the radio quality is not nearly as good as the T309 model. I tested that one in the store and the audio quality is excellent for the price you pay.No other big problems other than that. It's a cool looking model and it has a lot of features for the price. As for the sound quality of the radio, if you're looking for an alarm clock this will be fine. If you want something that you actually listen to (other than talk radio) you'll probably want a different model.
4/4
5.0
1083369600
B001L28J2M
After about 30 minutes or so I gave up on this film. Nothing drawing me in, nothing I cared about, just didn't seem like a relevant commentary on life or death. I loved "Six Feet Under" and I thought Emma Thompson's "Wit" was a superb character film with a gut wrenching depiction of one person's death. In comparison "The Guitar" is a cold bland sandwich. It looks good at first until you actually taste it.A story about a character's death usually explores emotions. What are they feeling? Why (other than they're dying) are they feeling it? So this woman never learned to play the guitar and then uses the last few months of her life to do so. (Yeah right. As if she could learn that fast.) A soulless movie compared to the likes of "Wit" or just about any single episode of SFU.
3/5
2.0
1237939200
B0001UEHGW
Before purchasing this TV I spent several weeks visiting three major national retail stores, read Consumer Reports, and searched for reviews on the Internet.My criteria were lowest possible price, picture quality, and sound. While I knew a 20" TV was the best choice for where the set would be located in my home, I was open to a bigger model if the other criteria were met.Here's what I found: In this price range the resolution on many models is sub-par. This is expecially noticeable when you view them side by side. I looked at Toshiba, RCA, Samsung, Philips, Magnavox, and others and found this to be generally true across the board when compared to this Panasonic. For a somewhat higher price RCA's model 20F67OT had a slightly better picture with more features. However, RCA does not have as high a reliability rating by Consumer Reports as Panasonic. Other than that no other TV came close in terms of picture quality in this price range.When it comes to audio I have champagne taste and a beer budget. Still, I wanted a TV that would have the best possible audio with Surround Sound to watch my DVDs.Only two models stood out in comparison to the Panasonic while all the rest were noticeably worse. Sony's 20FS120 has 10 watts per channel which is pretty good for a TV. However, it was substantially more expensive and, suprisingly, did not have as good as picture as the Panasonic! Samsung also has two models, TXP2036 and TXP2034F, with higher powered audio. However, despite being affordable and having a half decent image, Samsung just doesn't have that good a reliability rating from Consumer Reports. As for this Panasonic, the audio is very good. Not the best, of course, but good for a TV.There are actually many TV models in this price range with 27" and 32" screens. However, across the board, what you get in size you lose in picture and audio quality. I only saw one single TV in this price range with a picture close to this model. True to form, it was a Panasonic! However, even then the audio was not nearly as good as what I heard from this TV.As of this writing, the US is supposed to switch to HDTV in 2006. After that time anyone with an analog set will require a converter. If you've visited a store recently you will quickly see the vast difference between those models and analog sets like this one. But the prices are just too steep. My plan was to buy a quality inexpensive set now and then get a better one once the prices dropped on the HDTVs. This model, the 20SL14, fits the bill.If you're on a budget and want a quality set this is the one to look at.
31/31
5.0
1101686400
B000DT87RQ
There isn't a lot more that I can add that others haven't already said.I needed some sturdy boxes for transporting and storing books. I had about a dozen medium sized coffee table books in one of these and the box worked just fine - felt a lot stronger and capable than just your regular box. These stack well and and the cardboard seems capable of handling a lot of weight placed on top of it. The interlocking covers are also kind of nice.
0/0
5.0
1300320000
B000N3T0EG
Kidnapped is "Without A Trace" crossed with "24" with, IMO, better actors. Jeremy Sisto, Delroy Lindo (movie star caliber), Timothy Hutton (ditto), Mykelti Williamson (ditto again), and Dana Delaney (probably most famous for "China Beach") lead the cast.If you like drama, if you like shows that don't wrap everything up in one episode, you will like "Kidnapped." The production values are high and the story grabs you in the very first episode. It's almost like a 10 hour movie thriller.I do have to mention a few minor negatives. For one, the telling of the story (the plot and excellent actors) is better than the resolution. You'll know "who did it" by the second to last episode (if not possibly sooner) which takes some air out of the tires for the final hour or so. Secondly, the resolution is done adequately, but not with a slam dunk like they had in the very first episode with the kidnapping. Perhaps this is due to the fact that they knew at time of filming the final episode that the show was going to be canceled and they just needed to get the thing in the can and move on. But these are minor quibbles. If you the enjoy the ride more than the destination it makes the show worth your time.So with such a great cast and story, we have to wonder why it was canceled."Kidnapped" came out after the unexpected success of "Lost" and "24." When ABC showed that you could create and keep a solid audience base with a story that took multiple episodes if not multiple seasons to resolve everyone tried to copy the format. There were probably at least ten such shows. Some of them just weren't that good in my opinion. Most of them certainly did not have the high tension and stellar cast of "Kidnapped."I've complained about Fox canceling such programs as "Wonderfalls," "Firefly," and "Kitchen Confidential" because they were the type of show that didn't require a viewer to catch every episode to become a fan. If Fox had just had some patience those shows would have caught on and probably stayed on the air for several years.But "Kidnapped" was different. You had to catch the very first episode to get hooked. People knew in advance that the show was going to require an investment of their time so many just didn't even bother watching. I know I didn't when it aired. I saw a few ads, but it didn't catch my attention enough for me to bother. Some of that is NBC's fault.This is essentially a high tension mini-series drama, not a typical program like "Without a Trace" or "Cold Case." It needed to be marketed as such. NBC needed to put more effort in hyping the show and they really didn't. This was a show that needed that effort because it didn't have the fantasy/sci-fi hook that great shows like "Lost" and "Battlestar Galactica" have that set them so far apart from other programs. A kidnapped child, rich parents, a rogue private eye who uses illegal tactics, and the FBI . . . doesn't sound that interesting does it? Sounds cliche. But it worked on the screen because of the great actors, the plot was dense, and there was a real mystery behind who was behind the crime.With that said, it wasn't all NBC's fault. This show was, for the most part, too good for network TV. It's called the lowest common denominator. That's why shows like "According to Jim" get created and stay on for years.
66/69
5.0
1186963200
B0002NY81C
As a fan of Quantum Leap who came late to the table (I missed many of the early episodes) I've antipicated the release of the show on DVD. But that desire to view the show (including episodes I missed) doesn't cloud my judgement. I'm not some mindless zombie chanting "I need my Quantum Leap." I want to watch the _original_ as it was broadcast.Like most people, I work hard for my money. I don't go around spending it friviously. And I certainly don't buy something just so the manufacturer will keep selling that specific product. The TV and movie studios are not a charity. And we consumers are not obligated to buy when they offer us lousy products.Quantum Leap will always have its fans. It will outlast the life of the DVD format. By the time they get to last season we might not even be using DVDs! The point is, the studios know the show has its fans. They want to make money. Let's not just hand it to them like orphans and say, "Please, may I have another?" Give us what we want or you don't get our money.I was going to buy this DVD set but, thanks to the reviews here, I will pass. Maybe I'll rent the show at my local independent video store. But I won't reward the ineptness of the studios by giving them more of my money.
27/29
1.0
1106092800
B0000AZ67Z
I've used this for about two years now and haven't had a single glitch. It's been plugged into both Macs and Windows machines without a problem for either one. I even slightly bent the metal end of the USB plug and it still worked fine! I only wish it was bigger. But two years ago 256 MB wasn't seen as being that small and it was a bit more expensive than now. Not sure if the newer SanDisk flash drives are this good, but this model has convinced me that I'd probably try them again.
0/0
5.0
1167782400
B002ULA5DE
Freddy Rodriguez, who both stars in this movie and produced it, stated in an interview that as far as he knew that this was the first Christmas movie with Latin stars. If it isn't the first, it's certainly a rare thing. And for that reason alone "Nothing Like the Holidays" is probably worth watching. I can certainly see it being valued by Hispanics or, at the very least, Puerto Ricans.But as others have noted, there isn't a lot here. The acting is excellent for the most part. But the various stories within the movie had all been told before and better.Given that Rodriguez produced the film and grew up in Chicago, I'm going to assume that it was faithful to the culture it was presenting. However, there are spots when Rodriquez specifically fails to be authentic when it comes to him playing the role of a soldier.At the beginning of the film we see him with quite a bit of facial hair on his chin while he's in uniform. It's easily a week's worth of growth if not more. As an ex-soldier, I can't imagine how he'd get away with this even if he wanted to. In the same scene he puts his hands nonchalantly in his uniform pants pockets. Not something someone from the service (especially a Marine!) typically does. And then there were multiple scenes where Rodriquez was shown with his dog tags outside his shirt ala John Wayne. Again, that's not how real soldiers behave. Those are the actions of a wannabe soldier who's trying to look tough. All of this is rather minor I suppose, but it pulled me out of the story because it lacked authenticity and Rodriquez's character is central to the movie. I couldn't get past the fact that he didn't act like a soldier home from the war.I'm betting most probably won't care about this issue or even notice. With that in mind, I give a guarded recommendation - watch it for the acting and the ethnic diversity we've lacked in mainstream movies, but don't expect a great story.
0/0
3.0
1257638400
B0007VZ9DA
When I finally saw "In Good Company" I had no expectations. I just read the DVD case, saw that it had gotten some good reviews, and rented it.It's a bit inappropriate to give a movie a bad review because it didn't meet your expectations because of bad marketing. A movie stands on its own, regardless of what some silly PR people decide to put up for a 30 second commercial."In Good Company" is about an honest guy, your average Joe, from an older generation who's confronted with the present business climate of dishonesty and ridiculous business rhetoric. Along the way he meets and influences a far younger man who happens to fall in love with his daughter.The movie is funny at times, but it is not a comedy. It is drama. After recently watching "House of Flying Daggers" I have disagree that this is a melodrama. The actors and characters are all fairly realistic. The romance is not contrived. There is no "meet cute" for the couple. The older couple are in love, but they clearly face obstacles in their relationship - just as in real life. The ending shares this realism, to some extent. This is only a bad thing if you insist on that annoying typical American demand that all movies end with all the good guys happy and everything is resolved.This movie is about adapting, growing and refusing to give up what we know is good. You might not remember this movie six months from now or even one month, but it is excellent nonetheless.
3/3
4.0
1118880000
0740741365
"Get Fuzzy" is easily the best and funniest strip in production at this time. Darby Conley, the artist, seems to be a cross between author Christopher Moore and cartoonist Berkeley Breathed.For years I mourned the loss of "Bloom County." Sure, there were other funny cartoons. "The Far Side" was great. So was "Calvin and Hobbes." "Dilbert" does bring out a chuckle now and then. And "Opus" is back, although not nearly as funny as before. There was just something about "Bloom County," with its combination of humans, talking animals and social satire that made it laugh-out-loud humorous almost on a daily basis."Get Fuzzy" has now filled much of the void with the stupidity of Satchell's good hearted nature and Bucky's evil quest to be the boss."Bucky Katt's Big Book of Fun" is probably the best book thus far. I have to ditto another reviewer, however, and warn buyers about Amazon's combining this title with "Blueprint for Disaster." While hardcore readers might want both, buyers should be aware of the fact that much (if not perhaps all, not sure) of the content of "Blueprint" exists within "Big Book of Fun."My only hope is that Darby Conley will continue to grow and develop "Get Fuzzy." As much as I hate to say it, when you look at the book (instead of reading a daily strip) you can see where he sometimes relies on a redundant technique - such as when Rob or Bucky uses a word that Satchell misinterprets in the last frame and this becomes the punchline. It's funny, but it's not the heart of the "Get Fuzzy."No matter, "Get Fuzzy" is still hiliarious. If you haven't seen it before you are missing a cartoon strip treasure.
20/22
5.0
1117411200
B0001WNNQU
I just spent several weeks look at inexpensive analog sets. I had a low budget, but I wanted the best audio and picture I could get for my money.I ultimately went with the Panasonic 20" because it had both good audio and video. However, I did look at many bigger TVs, this one in particular. This model, in this price range, has a far superior image quality. At the store I visited this model just stood out from the rest. Indeed, the clerks confirmed this and said that it was the best "cheap" 27" TV they sold. The big drawback is the audio. I turned this set up to about 1/3 to 1/2 volume and it was noticeably bad.There is a workaround for this problem - hook your stereo up to the TV. Voila, inexpensive analog TV, great image. I decided to go with the 20" just because I had limited space and couldn't have both my stereo and the TV in the same spot.TV buyers should definitely pay attention to various reviews on reliability by general buyers and Consumer Reports. Panasonic has a very high reliabilibility. Many TVs, especially those by Samsung, RCA, GE and others. Even Sony ranks as a little bit less than Panasonic. Other brands have better reputations - Sanyo if you can believe it, perhaps even Toshiba - but I just couldn't find any of their models that suited my needs and price range.
6/6
4.0
1101686400
0765304449
I so badly wanted to give this book five stars. I can only offer my apologies to the many Datlow fans out there. And I'm one of them.I've read all six of the fairly tale/fantasy anthologies that Ellen Datlow created with Terry Windling. Of those, I would give five stars to five out of the six volumes. They were all that good. Perhaps I simply have expecations carried over from those books which simply don't apply here. In those books the stories tended to have a point or a moral. That's the nature of many fairy tales. Obviously, this is much less so with ghost stories.The problem I have with &quot;The Dark&quot; is not only that many of the stories didn't seem to have a point to make, it's that the book misrepresents itself on the cover. The image you see is of a cloudy night with bats flying eerily through the sky. It denotes gothic, damp and foggy stories about being lost in the woods, visiting an eastern European country, or a ghost story from a hundred years ago. To give Datlow credit, she explains in her introduction that these are &quot;new&quot; ghost stories that sometimes tell about spirits appearing in mid-day to demand their revenge. But she also states that she hopes the stories will keep readers awake at night.And that, essentially, is what the problem is. Some of these stories are excellent literary character studies. For example, &quot;The Trentino Kid,&quot; the first story in the book, is a good look at a clam digger having to confront the lack of direction in his life. It's a very good read. But it is not that scary. There are other stories that follow the same pattern - such as &quot;The Silence of the Falling Stars&quot; about a park ranger in Death Valley.Then there the stories that just shouldn't be in the book at all. I have no idea why &quot;The Dead Ghost&quot; is even in this anthology. It comes off as an exercise from a college writing course. It's not that the writing is bad - it's not - it's that it's a single scene with no emotional build-up.If you're looking for just good stories with an element of supernaturual, buy this book. If you're looking for something that keeps you awake at night, look elsewhere.
8/9
3.0
1080000000
B000HZI0L4
The number one problem with "The Weather Man" isn't the movie, it's the marketing. Everyone who saw the previews thought they were going to see a comedy. I'm not sure what this means - are the studios skeptical that people will go to a drame/dark comedy that talks about the meaning of life? Or were they too stupid to know what they had?The reviewers arguing against the movie because it's not a comedy are making a reductionist argument. So it's not x, it's y. If you're open to what "The Weather Man" really is you'll find something true and meaningful.Nicolas Cage plays a man, David Spritz, who thinks he's nothing and the world treats him that way. His ex-wife, his father, his viewers who throw various food items at his head.There are so many scenes that have huge meaning beyond the obvious. My favorite was when Spritz is discussing the forecast with a real meteorologist (Spritz is really just a high paid weather report reader) who's trying to explain a huge variance in the likely temperature. Spritz argues that he can't go on TV and give a report that's so vague. The meteorologist explains that that's way things are sometimes and you don't know what's going to happen. This point isn't driven home to the viewer, but it slowly settles in. Part of Spritz's problem is his desire to try to control what he cannot control and accept this as life.Other viewers will undoubtedly have their own favorite scenes. Michael Caine, who plays Cage's father, has several lines that are equally profound.As I was watching this movie I did have a growing dread that the director was just going to humiliate Spritz in every way and leave us with a totally crushed man at the end. I even had to turn away from the screen a few times as I antipcated more and more blows to his ego. But that's not how the movie ends. Spritz doesn't get nearly everything he wants. But he does learn to appreciate what he has. Not too many movies deliver that kind of meaning."The Weather Man" is probably one of the most under appreciated films of 2005, probably due to the bad marketing. That's a loss for its real audience. It's a gem and will be appreciated by people who love movies that don't fit the Hollywood stereotype of a happy ending and B&W; situations.
6/9
5.0
1152748800
B0001BUK1C
When you go to the video store looking for films with positive role models for kids (and adults!), with an inspirational message that you can accomplish something if you put your mind to it, you typically will find almost nothing. Worse, even movies with a fraction of a positive message will be so silly or idiotic that watching them as an adult is torture. With "Whale Rider" you get a movie that adults and teens (and many pre-teens) can both watch and enjoy.As Roger Ebert pointed out in his review of "Whale Rider," something is horribly wrong with a ratings system that gives a movie like this a PG-13 rating. Just watch this next to a movie like "Dodgeball" with its objectification of women, toilet humor and sexual innuendo. Both movies have the same rating! Don't be fooled. The average 12 year old _should_ be watching "Whale Rider" while "Dodgeball" shouldn't be viewed even by 14 year olds. All of this has me wondering about about the sanity and intelligence of the ratings board.As many have pointed out, Keisha Castle-Hughes puts in a superb performance. Ditto for the rest of the cast.Perhaps even better than the performances are the positive roles played by most characters. The kids are intelligent, confident and curious. The adults are generally supportive and wise. While the males in the movie have obvious faults, this movie is about them as it is about "girl power." There's a scene where Keisha's character is riding a bike with her grandfather and a loving glance passes between them. How rare it is to see such imagery - a father figure bonding with a child - in movies or TV! "Whale Rider" isn't just about celebrating a girl's empowerment. It's also about showing the love between male parental figures and their own personal growth as their children mature.One caveat: "Whale Rider" is not typical Hollywood popcorn fare. Viewers with short attention spans or those who hate all foreign film style films will likely not like this movie. Still, "Whale Rider" is an excellent start to open the eyes of a youth (or an adult) to ideas outside of what the studies usually throw at us.Bottom line: We'd all be better off if we had more movies like this.
23/25
5.0
1118361600
B0006GAO18
I found Wonderfalls completely by accident. Not that I had much chance to catch it when it was on TV - Fox only aired four episodes before canceling it.Fox: Where great shows (like this) go to die.Seems like the kind of thing Fox does best. Think Firefly, one of the best sci-fi shows produced in modern times, another show they canceled before it had time to grow legs. And they wonder why - they show episodes out of order, against established shows, switch the times around so viewers can't follow, and then wonder why the ratings are low. My advice to all those great writers and producers out there creating great programs like this for Fox: Make sure you secure the rights to have another network (with brains) pick up your series after Fox dumps you.But this is besides the point. Let's just put it this way - this is yet another quirky, unusual, and stimulating program that you didn't get to watch because of the Fox boneheads (who need to be stopped before they kill again).Combine the oddball humor of Boston Legal and Northern Exposure, throw in a little magical realism and twenty-something angst, and you get something like Wonderfalls, a show about Jaye, a cynical under-achieving Brown University philosophy graduate who's been tasked by unknown powers (speaking through various animal figures and stuffed toys) to help people in sideways directions. It is the latter - the sideways directions combined with the great acting of the major leads - that makes the show work. The problems to be fixed and the paths to a solution are never obvious. Instead, viewers watch as Jaye stumbles along trying to figure out what it is she's supposed to do and why.On the DVD extras the producers noted that they had storylines going all the way into three seasons. Apparently Jaye was going to end up in a mental institution. A satirical modern odd-ball variation of One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest comes to mind. Wow, it's almost enough to demand the heads of the Fox network be put on a pike. What is wrong with these people?!At least we have these 13 shows. They won't be the best show you've ever watched, but they will stand out. You'll wonder why shows like "According to Jim" and all those stupid reality TV shows keep getting produced - and why people watch.
2/2
5.0
1174176000
0752582267
What a great concept the publisher's thought up - a compact hardcover, 450 page world almanac style book with an interesting layout and lots of photos. Something you might expect from Dorling-Kindersley.What happened? This book is geared towards trivia buffs with very little practical use. Look up Brazil and you'll get 6 or 7 sentences with no mention of the fact that they speak Portuguese instead of Spanish like the rest of South America. Look up Aztec and the first sentence is a trivial comment about what King Montezuma II liked to eat for dinner.The problem seems to be when the authors try to get too broad in their terms. Look up microwave or photosynthesis and you get a brief and succint explanations. Look up broad concepts like marriage or spiders and you get rambling thoughts.About the only way they could have salvaged this thing would have if they stuck to the overall almanac style. At least then it would have had a constant theme and would have been useful as a reference book. As it is it's mostly just trivia and nice pictures.
3/3
2.0
1082678400
B0001AU6H6
I previously owned the Coolpix 2100 and I upgraded to the 3200 because I wanted a little bit higher resolution and movies with sound.For the most part, I'm satisified with the upgrade. The images are clear and crisp and movie function is ten times better than the 2100. The 3200 allows for 640 x 480 movies and the duration is only limited by memory capacity. With a 512MB card you've got about 15 minutes of recording time. That might sound small, but it's more than enough to capture important moments.Another improvement over previous models was that Nikon moved most of the controls from the top of the camara to the back. As a semi-pro 35mm user I balked at this at first. Then the utility of this change became obvious - it's just plain easier to have most of the controls right there alongside the LCD viewer.I used the 2100 for Internet shots for auctions and for emailing photos to others. You don't need lots of megapixels for such uses - even the 2100 is overkill. Still, it's great to have a camera that allows you to go beyond that and actually print your work.Oddly enough, I found the 3200 to be actually slower than the 2100 in terms of writing to media! I have one of the fastest cards available so the memory card shouldn't be an issue. I wasn't impressed. I don't recommend this camera for situations where you want to take multiple shots seconds apart.Another drawback on this model is that the microphone picks up autofocus noise in the movie mode. It's quite loud, actually. It's possible to turn off the autofocus which creates a more blurry image. Still, the quality of the movies is already low enough that this effect seems to be small. (Like most digital photo models, the 3200 will not give you camcorder results.)Overall, the 3200 is a great bargain. It's just enough for printing small photos and it delivers a lot of great features at an affordable price. Just like the 2100 and other similar Coolpix models, it's compact and feels comfortable to hold. (I've found the similarily sized Canon digital cameras to be awkward at best.) Still, this is a camera for folks on a budget. I know that when it comes time to upgrade again I'll be looking at models with faster read and write times and more megapixels.
3/3
4.0
1117584000
B000OCXLA0
"Kitchen Confidential" had the misfortune of being aired in the fall of 2005 just before the end of the baseball season. The pennant and series came along and interrupted whatever audience it had built and it never had a chance to build a committed audience.This is getting to be routine for the Fox network. Take a great program, market it badly, give it a lousy time slot (why start a new show right before you know you're going to show the World Series?!), show episodes out of order, and then cancel it after just a few shows are aired. One would think that there should be some heads rolling at Fox. (I doubt it.) I digress - it's just infuriating to discover another great program only to discover that some morons canceled it while utter crap remains on the air."Kitchen Confidential" shares some of the same basic traits (beyond being canceled) with "Wonderfalls." It's tightly edited, funny, cutting edge, and pushes the envelope for network television. A few tweaks on language and nudity and it could easily be a quality show you'd find on Showtime or HBO. With that in mind, KC is a comedy for adults. If you like the humor on "Boston Legal" you'll probably enjoy this show.
17/18
5.0
1186012800
B00009YUGN
As a former software quality assurance tester for a major software company I have to say that this is arguably the easiest and most useful program I have ever used.Through the years I've had to dabble with Photoshop, Quark, PageMaker and FileMaker. The companies that make these titles like us to think that their programs are easy to use. Well, they need to send some folks over to Omni Group to learn how it's really done.I've never been able to just sit down and intutiively know how to operate software such as this. OmniGraffle has been the exception. Within minutes I had created a flow chart of ideas that was close to perfect. I didn't even need to look at the directions. Speaking of which, the small manual for this program looks like a booklet made by Dorling-Kindersley. You can't get any more user friendly than that.If you work with ideas and concepts - creative writing, marketing, politics, business, nonprofits. speech writing, education, etc. - you will find this software useful. It will allow you to easily and succinctly present these ideas to others or just for your own personal use.Omni Group has a demo version of this software which allows users to have up to 20 graphic items in their document. This might sound like a lot, but it isn't. If you're serious about using the software you'll definitely want to purchase it.
6/6
5.0
1084752000
B003UESJHE
"The King's Speech" tells the personal story of a monarch with a speech impediment at a time when he was needed as a public speaker more than ever - the beginning of WWII. It's so well crafted that I can't think of a single thing I'd change to make it a better film. That it tell its story well is undisputed.However, despite winning Best Picture, I just can't get that excited about this movie. To me a Best Picture is supposed to be somehow epic in either presentation (The English Patient) or in meaning/metaphor (Million Dollar Baby). I just don't think there's enough meat here to chew on as either a Best Picture or as a permanent home in my DVD collection.This is all personal quibbling. If you like truly good movies by all means watch it. And you should already know if you want to own this film. If you like biographies or period films then there's a strong chance you're going to want to keep "The King's Speech" in your collection.
0/1
4.0
1305763200
0881791296
I have to strongly disagree with other reviewers about this book and its depiction of "distancer/pursuer" relationships and how to solve relationship problems.The author defines these relationships in a manner that is clearly only applicable to older generation (40+ if not 50 and older) couples with fairly traditional gender roles. For example, the author notes that the distancer, typically the man, will tend to be closed off emotionally and will take pampering by their partners for granted. In the movie "About Schmidt" Jack Nicholson plays a newly retired man who struggles to take care of himself after his wife dies and has to deal with his years of stunted emotional growth. That's the distancer depicted by this book. And Schmidt is about 65 years old.The problem is that the tone of this book is thus rather anti-male and a bit too lenient on women who lack self esteem and need to be self empowered in order to realize their own happiness.A far far better book on this issue is "The Passion Paradox" or "The Passion Trap" (both essentially the same books, the former being the first printing, the latter the most recent) by Dean C. Delis and Cassandra Phillips. "Passion" doesn't play gender favorites and is probably not that helpful to anyone in a fairly traditional gender role.Basically, the authors talk about dysfunctional relationships in terms of "one ups" and "one downs." One ups are the equivalent of Solo's distancers and one downs are essentially the pursuers. Delis and Philips point out how the more one downs try to make the relationship work, the less the one ups are interested. Thus, the paradox. Trying too hard makes it less likely to work. The reason for this is because one downs tend to have lower self esteem. Healthy people are attracted to independent self confident partners. One downs aren't that attractive. And anyone attracted to a one down is probably themselves rather unhealthy.Delis and Philips point out that ANYONE can be either a one up or a one down. It's not exclusive to gender or even consistent from relationship to relationship. In one you might be the one down, the next the one up. It will all depend on the personality of your partner, the dynamics of your interaction, and your own current sense of self esteem.Unlike Solo's authors, Delis and Phillips place most of their emphasis on the one downs changing their behavior. No, don't stay at home waiting for your partner, don't be a doormat, don't pine away. Get out there and discover yourself, regain your self esteem, and just become a healthier person. One ups, they advise, should hopefully be supportive during this process. If not, no matter, as one downs will still be better off in the end because they're helping themselves and will discover that they don't need their partner in the first place. They can surely want them, but they'll have realized that mindless pursuit and pampering has harmed their relationship and, most importantly, themselves.I have to repeat, if you're in a fairly traditional relationship "Solo" is probably the book you want. If gender roles are a little more blended then "Passion Paradox"/"Passion Trap" are going to be a far far better choice.
6/7
3.0
1197590400
B0000U1OCI
I haven't used another pedometer so I can't say if this model ranks better than others or not. According to many other reviewers here, this one is more accurate than most and I'll take their word for it.I've used this model for several weeks now and given three others to loved ones. I do find that it does indeed make me walk more - research has shown that most people put more effort into walking after they start using a pedometer. And as far as I can tell, this model is indeed accurate for the most part.I noticed something, however, that users should be aware of. I went through many of the older reviews for this product and found a few from users who said that the pedometer doesn't record all steps taken. Despite all the rave reviews, this is indeed true.I've found that short bursts of walking are frequently not recorded. However, there seems to be a difference on where you're walking that causes this to happen. In my home where I have hard wood floors and very small carpets most steps are recorded. In my office with wall-to-wall carpeting I found that probably only about 10% to 25% of all the steps I take were recorded. I don't spend a lot of time walking in my office so this isn't a big deal for me. I don't know if carpet is the issue or not, but users need to be aware that this might be an issue, especially if they're in such an environment all day long.Some have commented on how accurate this model is in terms of distance and have tested it on a measured track. Since users enter their individual stride length - and assuming this is accurate - distance accuracy isn't really that big of a selling point. The primary issue is the ability to record actual steps.The fact that you don't have to have the pedometer on your belt (you can carry it in a bag or pocket) is a major selling point.In most situations the Omron records my steps. I figure it's missing a few hundred, but that's not a big deal when you consider that one should be making thousands of steps per day. So for me the Omron works. Your mileage may vary.
3/4
4.0
1202256000
B000N7CCJW
"Wicked" is easily one of the best books published in the 90s. It will stand the test of time and will likely be considered a classic in 50 years. This is a tough act to follow. Maguire almost matched this effort with "Confessions of an Ugly Stepsister," but not quite. Since that second book he's never been able to reach greatness. And who could? How many classics does any one person have inside them?About a year before "Son of a Witch" was published I heard Maguire speak at a very small and intimate gathering. He discussed "Son of" and explained that it came about, in part, as a response to the current environment in the US after 9-11. What a lot of us assumed at that reading was that Maguire planned to address evil once again in a way that would reveal, through metaphor, the evil deeds committed by the Bush administration in response to the evil deeds of the terrorists.Since that time I've waited for "Son of a Witch" with great anticipation. Now that I've read it, as much as I hate to say it, but it was a let down. For some reason, a lot of people saying this are getting their reviews negged. Not sure why that's happening. Maguire is a good writer, but this book is nowhere near to being another "Wicked."The main character, Liir, is flat as a pan cake for most of the book. He's really not that interesting. The female characters seemed to be better fleshed out with quirks of their own. Liir's thing is that he's confused and without direction. This does not make for a great leading character.**Spoiler Alert**The book really doesn't pick up its pace until about page 200 when Liir is attacked by the dragons. Then things start to finally get interesting. But still, Maguire has Liir connect with another male character, Trism. It's not that the relationship is inherently bad, it's just that Liir betrays Candle, the woman he thought he loved. Taking a rather boring character and then making him a bit spineless and inconsiderate doesn't help the book.As others have noted, there's less sex here. This is not a good thing. Maguire's writing is, at times, so vague on these acts that you could blink and miss the fact that two characters had just been intimate. If Maguire was bowing to criticisms of "Wicked" I sure do hope he returns to his roots. Mature readers can do without the parental guidance, thank you.As for the metaphor, yeah, it's there. It's not exactly earth shattering, but people who read between the lines will see GWB as one of the characters.Despite all these criticisms, "Son of a Witch" is still a good read. And I will definitely read the next installment. The problem here is that "Wicked" was in itself a book of mythical proportions. It was full of odd and intriguing imagery and it blew people's minds to totally put the concept of evil on its head. "Son of Witch" doesn't reach those heights - it could have, however. Let's hope Maguire pulls it off with the third book. The story deserves it.
17/25
3.0
1129939200
B0017JKEL8
Mad Men is one of those very rare TV shows that is both superb and popular. Sometimes there really is a TV god. Unlike great shows like Friday Night Lights, people are watching and the awards are rolling in - 16 Emmy nominations, more than any other drama this year.It's 1960 in a Manhattan based advertising agency. The men have slicked back hair, crisp white shirts and perfect suits. What comes out of their mouths would get them slapped or sued if it happened today. Toots, babe, honey. Women are sex objects and they have less brain power - as one character says, "It was like watching a dog play the piano" when a certain female character with professional drive and passion exceeds the lowly expectations of the men.The women are no better. The head secretary tells another female that they (the men) designed the technology so simple that even a woman can use it. A mother smokes and drinks while pregnant and ignores the danger of a nearby child playing make believe with a plastic drying cleaning bag over her head. Some of the women act childish because that's the role that's been forced upon them. Others are starting to reject the social strait jacket and are rebelling - it's the beginning of a new era and they are the foremothers of what is about to hit this nation like a baseball bat to the head.The wall paper in one house is plaid and the cars are big and many have tail fins. There's a cigarette in almost every scene - people cough and there's no recognition of any connection in their minds. One major character smokes, drinks and eats with abandon and almost dies of a heart attack with, again, no recognition of cause and effect.This show, unlike any on air or cable at this time, immerses you in its era. It's authentic, real and grabs your attention. Quite simply, if you watch only one current show on TV this year it should be Mad Men.Several reviewers have commented on the packaging. While it is a little more delicate than others, it's still cool (it's like a cigarette lighter) and you can handle the DVDs without damaging them. The DVDs are held in the case with a foam insert that doesn't scratch the surface. When you take the DVDs out you have to gently push against the top side with your (clean) fingers and gently push upward. They will come out and you won't smudge or scratch the surface. If the DVDs are getting damaged it's because people are just grabbing both sides of the disc and pulling it out. Unlike other reviewers, I have not been impressed with other boxed sets where you end up literally breaking the plastic sprockets that hold the DVDs in place. If you want really poor packaging just look at the complete West Wing. In any case, you can handle these DVDs and not damage them.The extras here are sparse but very good nonetheless. There's an hour long behind the scenes docu that looks as all aspects of the show from character backgrounds to hair and art design to the actors feelings about their characters. It's not full of that fluffy hype stuff you find on other DVD sets where they just show you short clips from the show and present it as somehow something new. You'll actually learn something about the show. I would love to see full interviews with all the actors to talk about the characters they're playing. Maybe we'll get that in the season 2 set. As noted by others, the commentaries are minimal and a bit disappointing. Doesn't really matter in the end as it's still a superb show you simply shouldn't miss.
100/106
5.0
1216512000
B000N75B8Q
&quot;Child of War, Woman of Peace&quot; is a little bit of a continuation and a little bit of a repetition of her earlier memoir, &quot;When Heaven and Earth Changed Places.&quot; If you've read &quot;Heaven&quot; and enjoyed it you will undoubtedly want to keep going and read this book as well.Le Ly Hayslip is a woman who was brutalized by all sides in Vietnam. Then she married an abusive American and received some of that same treatment here in the US. What might have caused another person to be bitter, angry and cynical seems to have only strengthened Hayslip's resolve to live and let go. It's clear that her Buddhism played a crucial role in allowing her to do this. I'm not a Buddhist, but I do wonder about the followers of other faiths in their ability to follow in Hayslip's footsteps.And that's ultimately what I think most readers will get out of this. If you've had a bad day, a bad year, or even bad life - read this book. If Le Ly Hayslip can forgive, move on, and make a positive contribution to this world then just about anyone else can as well. She's an inspiration and a role model to all of us, no matter who you are or what country you live in.Sadly, Oliver Stone butchered her two books in his movie. The drama, chaos, and the meaning of Le Ly Hayslips actions just aren't conveyed well. If you've seen only the movie you've missed out on the best parts of what Hayslip has to teach us.I can't recommend this book (and &quot;When Heaven and Earth Changed Places&quot;) enough. It needs to be read - by everyone. I can't say that about too many books.
9/9
5.0
1081468800
0071413685
This set appears to be somewhat academic oriented as it focuses on the use of the text and not enough on the audio and just learning how to speak the language. The average user I would imagine wants to focus on learning how to speak and understand Bengali. Reading or writing it, given its unique script, is another matter and not necessarily that important for day-to-day communication.I've used Pimsleur language programs in the past and I found them to be extremely effective - the most effective actually. Pimsleur's audio programs are self contained. No books are required. They introduce basic words and you have to repeat them over and over and you slowly build up to bigger words and then sentences. They can be expensive, but they're worth every penny. Unfortunately, Pimsleur doesn't have a Bengali program.I was hoping this set would copy Pimsleur. It doesn't. The CDs are not self contained. You have to use the book along with the CDs which means listening and repeating the words in the car is waste of time. And you have to ask yourself how you learn a language. I'm quite disappointed and skeptical about this set as a result. A child learns by hearing the words and learning the meanings long before they learn how to read or write the language. That seems like a logical way to learn for adults as well. But this set doesn't follow that natural flow.According to the text, Bengali is the sixth most spoken language in the world. If that's the case, I don't understand why it's so hard to find a good teaching resource. According to many reviews, here and elsewhere, this book and CD set is "the best on the market" for learning Bengali. If that's the case it's unfortunate, because this is not by any stretch the best way to learn a language.I did find that Transparent Language has a computer program (Languages of the World: Bengali available only directly from TL's web site) that's not sold on Amazon. It's primitive in its interface, limited in scope and I've used it only briefly. But so far I would say that it is a better choice than this set which I immediately saw as useless in terms of learning how to speak Bengali. There's also a 4 CD and book set called "Easy Way to Learn Bengali" by Som N. Konar and Dr. Meera Heera Smith which I have been unable to find anywhere.
9/10
2.0
1182816000
B0007MF038
Drive Genius reminds me of years ago using Micromat's Techtool before they made it so hard to use and configure. It's simple, it's elegant, and it does the job.Drive Genius will duplicate your volume or entire drive, checks the integrity of your hardware, repairs, rebuilds and verifies volume structures, and fixes permissions. It also adds, deletes, hides, shrinks or expands partitions, shreds files (DOD compliant!), defrags your hard drive, benchtests your system, and has an sector editor for expert users. Combine this with DiskWarrior and you probably don't need another repair utility.Forget Norton (they've stopped supporting the Mac). And MicroMat's Techtool, while valuable, is a chore to use and configure. If you want to repair your Mac this is the one you want.
19/19
5.0
1133913600
B00008WI8J
&quot;Never&quot; reminds me of the dance/pop/R&amp;B sound and feel of Everything But the Girl's song &quot;Missing&quot; which was a great track fast or slow. And this showed in the remixes.Unfortunately, this CD does not follow the same path as &quot;Missing.&quot; The remixes are either uninteresting slight variations or are laden with techno sounds that contribute very little to enhancing either the bittersweet melancholy tone or improving the danceability of the original. The flaw seems to be that the remixers failed to recognize that the major selling point of this song is Tina Arena's voice. Instead of focusing on that, or perhaps complementing it, they drown it with boring background beats. Too bad.I bought this CD thinking I wasn't that interested in the other Roc Project songs. Now I wish I had paid a little more for the full album or maybe the import version which comes with a video.My recommendation: Pass on this one and go for the full album unless you've heard all these remix tracks and know you'll like the CD.
2/2
3.0
1079568000
B00004CZXQ
"Without Limits" does indeed go beyond a typical sports movie by being both an inspirational story and a character study. All of the acting is superb, especially Crudup and Sutherland. The scene in which Pre blatantly ignores Bowerman's mandate to sit back during most of the race and let the front runner wear himself out is especially good. It's funny, revealing of both characters, and just has that right level of inspiration (you can ignore the rules and win out of sheer guts) without being sappy.I've seen "Prefontaine," the other movie about Pre's life, and I can't say that I was impressed. Some reviewers claim that it is more factual. Perhaps that is the case, but "Prefontaine" is not a well made movie. It also takes on extra baggage that distracts from the story. For example, in one scene they show Pre making snide comments about anti-war protesters. Was Pre a hawk? Did he ever express an opinion about war? I have no idea. But as a college athlete it would have been exceptionally hypocritical to have such an opinion when his status as an athlete allowed him to stay out of the military."Without LImits" doesn't get bogged down in these unimportant side issues. Instead, it focuses on Pre's fight against the AAU, the governing track and field organization which was so obviously taking advantage of athletes at the time.Prefontaine once said, "Most people run a race to see who is fastest. I run a race to see who has the most guts." That about sums up the spirit of this movie.While the movie is great, the DVD is nothing special. I can't figure out why movie studios make great movies like this and then slap them on a DVD with "extras" that include sub-titles at that's it. If there was ever a DVD that should have had extras this one was it - short documentaries on the real Prefontaine, how the movie was filmed, interviews with people who knew Pre, those who were fans at the time, archival footage. This could have been a stupendous DVD with lots of entertaining, educational and inspirational extras. Maybe they'll release an updated version - because this movie deserves it.
23/31
4.0
1083283200
B00008XETL
The Sony TCM-150 is about the cheapest cassette recorder on the market at this time. For five to ten bucks more you get voice activation, an external microphone jack, a tape counter, and extended play/record. The models with these features are the Sony TCM-200DV (without the tape counter) and the Panasonic RQ-L31. Of course, in all these cases, you're getting a cheaply made recorder intended for lectures, notes and inteviews. If you want something for music or that's built to take some punishment you'll have to pay more.Last word on the 150: The odds are you're going to need at least one of those extra features - especially voice activation. Pass on this one and pay just a tiny bit more for something better.
283/300
3.0
1107561600
B001A7GOCA
Many reviewers have summarized the plots of each episode and graded them individually so I don't want to repeat that here."Masters of Science Fiction" doesn't always hit the mark (it frequently doesn't to be honest), but it does have high production values, showcases massive Hollywood talent for a network TV show, and is often extremely thought provoking. In other words, it was good TV and good science fiction. It reminded me of the the intent (but thankfully not the hoaky presentation and stories!) of the 80s show "Amazing Stories" and the sci-fi elements of Star Trek The Next Generation.Viewers will enjoy seeing some of their favorite actors here - Terry O'Quinn (currently in "Lost"), John Hurt, James Denton ("Desperate Housewives"), Brian Dennehy, Anne Heche, James Cromwell, Malcolm McDowell, Sean Astin ("Lord of the Rings") and others highlight the cast of the various episodes."Masters" didn't really fail because ABC made sure from the very beginning that it would never make it in the first place. ABC entertainment president Stephen McPherson put the series on hold for a year (thus dating some of the material) and aired it on Saturday nights at 10 p.m. in August. As a Reuters reviewer put it, this is what you call "burying a show deep within the bowels of television Siberia." A network doesn't do this to a show it wants to promote or have on the air. It was used as temporary filler, nothing more. It's clear that ABC's McPherson wanted this show to die and die quick. It appeared it couldn't be fast enough as only four of the six episodes ever aired."Masters" is definitely political at times, but that's part of what makes it good - and at times bad when it makes a point too bluntly. It's probably one of the reasons it was killed by its own network. It might rest in obscurity now, but it's possible that it will become part of the historical record that will show how some of the real world of the Bush era leaked into entertainment and what it attempted to reflect back to us.
5/8
5.0
1220400000
B0001ANT9S
There are lots of things you look for in a camcorder. Features, quality construction, and something easy to use are all things to consider. In the lower price range a lot of camcorders are alike and you have to look at some small specifics to figure out what's the best buy.The ZR80 is a good camcorder, but it has one major flaw that its predecessors did not - it has no mike input.The built in microphones on almost all camcorders, certainly those selling for less than $1000, are notoriously bad. They generally pick up 180 degrees of sound. In a group situation, at a party for example, the audio sounds like utter chaos. Canons also seem to be especially prone to picking up motor noise from the camera itself. Thus, if you're interested in good sound you need to have a camcorder with a mike input.Unfortunately, Canon chose to reduce the features on their 2004 ZR line by taking away the mike input. Why they did this is astonishing because it makes no sense.If you want a Canon camcorder with good sound you really need to either get an older model - almost any of the older ZRs including the 45, 50, 60, 65 and 70, all of which have mike inputs - or forget the ZR completely and go for an Elura or any of their other product lines that have this necessary feature. If you're accustomed to the typical sound one gets from an on-camera mike (or you plan to never use it in situations with lots of sounds), maybe this model will be fine for you.
132/133
4.0
1080518400
0198602871
The &quot;Concise Oxford Dictionary&quot; is arguably the best dictionary in this price range.The defintions are up-to-date, the text is easy to use with each entry in bold, and the physical size of the book is very easy to use. The number of defintions, well over 200,000, is more than adequate, and the thumb index makes it easy to find what you need.I've looked at many dictionaries (and I own more than one) and I've found that in least some &quot;current&quot; Webster's versions that certain definitions are almost archaic. You won't have that problem with this book.If you're looking for a general use dictionary that has as many definitions as possible, but doesn't weight ten pounds, this is about the best choice you'll find. It's almost perfect for both college students and for everyday use.The only problem with this version is the quality of the paper which is rather thin. I highly recommend this dictionary, but I would be hesitant to give one as a gift to someone who I know is rough with their books. The pages feel as if they could tear quite easily. This is likely one of the reasons that the book is so compact and easy to use. So you have the trade off of compact size versus durability. If this is an issue I would recommend paying a little more for one of the heavier Oxford dictionaries.
62/65
4.0
1081123200
B000OU0K10
This book presents. S.L.A. Marshall's studies which showed that US soldiers in combat during WW II frequently "failed" to fire their weapons in a manner that would kill the enemy. The further the soldier was from the target (detachment) or surrounded by other soldiers (peer pressure) the more likely that he would fire. Grossman uses other evidence to back up Marshall's study.I agree with other reviewers that Grossman's conclusion on video games is flawed. Grossman has basically bought into the media hype on teen killings. Yes, they happen, but not that often! We only think they do because the media buries us with graphic footage. School violence, when white middle class white folks weren't the victims, has been going on for decades. Even now, the vast majority of kids are not violent. In fact, teen crime has actually gone done!But Grossman's blind sight goes beyond teen violence. He's essentially focused his entire experience on military training on video games and ignored all other sociological variables. Video games are simply one variable out of probably a dozen (poverty, some religious beliefs, abusive environments, TV & movies, uninvolved or over worked parents, etc. etc.) that contribute to violence. Grossman simply has no leg to stand on by pointing to one and only one single variable. In psychological and sociological terms it is simply preposterous.Grossman makes another error in judgement, one perhaps to be expected given his military background. While he is quick to judge video games for kids, he completely ignores the US government's misuse of the military or the misdeeds of soldiers in combat. Timothy McVeigh proved that what our government gave him permission to do -- killing surrendering Iraqi soldiers -- was the catalyst for his transformation in viewing all human life as unimportant. But you won't find Grossman criticizing the military here, or more importantly, the greedy & idiotic politicians who direct that military in the first place.This is one example of Grossman ignoring counter evidence as some modern researchers have found that violence on the domestic front increases when the United States is involved in military operations overseas.One criticism that I've seen of Grossman's book is that the original S.L.A. Marshall study was flawed. Problem is, no one seems to be able to explain how or why it's flawed. My own experience in fact bears out Marshall's study. Before the Gulf War I was in a holding unit with hundreds of other guys waiting to be transferred to various combat units with the 1st Calvary and 10th Armor Divisions. We would meet outside the barracks -- dozens of us -- and chew the fat over what was happening. Not once -- not a single time -- did any of these lower enlisted soldiers think the Gulf War was a good idea. In any case, in my opinion, Marshall's study was dead on. Soldiers aren't as keen as everyone thinks when it comes to killing and dying "for the cause."I recommend this book for those folks (which is probably a lot) who aren't familar with Marshall's study. It will be a real eye opener. Just be aware that Grossman's attempts at using this material to reach broader conclusions is positively flawed. Essentially, the first four fifths of the book should be required reading and the last fith can be taken with a grain of salt.
10/20
4.0
1021766400
0465036953
When I saw this book I immediately went to the index to see what the author had to say about Lt. Col. Dave Grossman's book "On Killing" which looks at military training methods and compares them to the _current_ video games some kids (males for the most part) play today.Considering the fact that "On Killing," which was published years before this, is perhaps one of the strongest opposing arguments against the author's thesis I expected a lengthy response. The author wrote less than a half page.(!) The author contends that Grossman is wrong because the military is a controlled environment whereas video games are not. That's it. That's his refutation of an entire text and argument in opposition to his.The idea that one needs a controlled environment to create violence in humans is just nonsensical. Sociological factors that influence behavior are everywhere, from the behavior of males and females to how people of different cultures act and dress. None of it is a "controlled environment." Only a moron or an intellectually dishonest person would dismiss the impact of this sociological phenomena with such a quick brush.The author's dishonesty is quite obvious by the use of the image on the front cover. A kid from the 1950s or 60s with a toy play gun. Innocent, silly, and yes, a little violent. American boys have been doing this for generations. They'll even use sticks form the woods to simulate a gun. But a stick gun (or a plastic ray gun) is not the same as modern video games.I grew up on Nintendo - Legend of Zelda, Super Mario Brothers, etc. Some violence, yes, but nothing compared to what we have today. Modern video games show with absolute detail the death and distruction of human beings in completey gorey detail. Spurting blood, screams, mayhem. There is no comparison between these games and _anything_ in previous human history. When we were kids out in the woods and "shot" each other no one's guts spilled open and our heads didn't explode. But that is what we have with many modern games. What we have is nothing less than a mass experiment in human behavior with our young children (mostly boys) as the test subjects. For the author to dismiss - and use such faulty examples - is not just dishonest. It's irresponsible.The only point I would agree with the author is the general tendency to over react to all forms of expressed violence. There are some people who want to censor it all, whether it be the stick guns in the woods or the playing of all video games. Perhaps that's where the author was coming from. Maybe he saw this silliness and had to respond. But his reaction to the zealotry of others appears to have just brought out his own.The cold hard truth is that there is strong evidence to suggest that some video games create violent behavior in some children, especially males. This is not to suggest all children or all games. Rather, the games do contribute do have a cause effect on certain children. While this is no defense for sweeping censorhsip of the games, it is also doesn't defend the idea of mass availability. In the end we have to ask ourselves: Do we _want_ our kids playing these games that are so different than what we all (and most of humanity throughout history!) were raised on and show such disregard for human life?The question isn't just whether or not these games have a negative effect. The question is, what good are they? Given that we've never seen games like this, we don't know.
16/54
2.0
1139270400
055305788X
I just came across this book by accident at a thrift shop. It's unebelievable that it's out of print! This book, in very simple terms, offers an explanation for just about every romantic trouble -- the imbalance between partners. I looked at &quot;Relationship Rescue,&quot; yet another new psychobabble book on the block and there's no comparison. Where McGraw gives you &quot;men are this way, women are that way, deal with it,&quot; Delis offers real insights on what and how power imbalances occur and even points out that those in gender stereotyped relationships are actually prone to more problems! I'm divorced and have had my share of breakups -- this book nails every single one of my previous relationships. As one previous reviewer wrote, this should be mandatory reading in high school.Bring this book back into print!
21/21
5.0
993772800
0312875495
I so badly wanted to give "White As Snow" five stars. At first it reminded me somewhat of Gregory Maguire's better novels. Of course, Lee tends to write far darker fiction than Maguire. But both have put their personal spin on fairy tales to create, in many cases, a more interesting story.While "White As Snow" is definitely interesting, it is full of unbelievable characters who tend to fit into only four types: Passive females (Arpazia and Coira), cruel and inhumane males (Draco, Hadz and others), window dressing (old crones, maids, dwarves, etc.) and two unbelievably saintly males who don't exist in the real world (Klymeno and Hephaestion).Both Queen Arpazia and Coira (Snow White) are victims which seems to cause their passivity. On a pyschological level I see what Lee was doing. Their behavior is not that uncommon amongst survivors of abuse. It does not, however, make interesting fiction to read about two women who are so utterly passive or void of personal motive except for, perhaps, jealousy (Arpazia).The strongest characters in the book, the evil men, are easily the most rounded. Lee got that part right.The window dressing characters, for the most part, belong in any story. It's just that here there are so many " far too many in fact. Arpazia is helped by the woods people - why? What is their motivation? Because the plot demands it? Coira's nurse maids and servants are flat as a pancake. One maid, Ulvit, goes out her way to help Coira as she matures and grows. We never find out why. In the end Coira distrusts Ulvit, the one who helped her the most, and she is discarded on the heap of multiple other "unimportant" characters.The two positive male characters in the book - Arpazia's Klymeno and Coira's Hephaestion - are characters straight out of a romance novel. When Klymeno first meets Arpazia he sexually pleases her over and over and never receives pleasure in return. When she seeks him out a second time he literally asks permission to pleasure himself. He is so utterly "perfect" that he never protests when she aborts his child. Hephaestion, although more filled out and therefore less saintly, suffers the same result. Even though he _wants_ to be a father he tells Coira, before stating his desires, that she is obviously free to abort her child if that is her wish. It seems obvious that Lee is pro-choice. I don't have a problem with that. What angered me was that Lee seemed so intent on insisting that abortion was so completely a woman's choice that any thoughts or feelings from a man are utterly unimportant. Doesn't a man have a right to say, "I would like to be a father to this child . . . but the choice is ultimately yours?" Lee wouldn't let these two men even this small amount of personal desire.The issue of abortion is certainly not the focus of the story. However, it is a symptom of Lee's weakness in this novel overall. Far too often characters and developments within the story are there because the plot demands it or it appears to be Lee's own personal personal view. The characters themselves seemed to have been squelched by Lee, as if she possibly didn't want to hear what they had to say.
12/15
3.0
1087862400
B000FBLQLG
Before I purchased this blender I had a fairly cheap model by Kitchen Tools which I believe is identical to an older model made by Black and Decker. I probably paid no more than $30 for it about 4 years ago. The rubber gasket failed and it began to leak and I figured I'd like a more powerful blender anyway.I used the old blender primarily for crushed ice drinks. It actually worked fine as long as I allowed it to run long enough - maybe 45 seconds.After reading all the reviews here I came to the conclusion that the Oster would be 1)really loud and 2)really powerful. IMO, both are wrong.Yes, it's loud, but not that loud compared to other blenders I've used that had any power to them. I suspect that many users have been using really weak blenders which is why they were so quiet.I didn't find this model to be that big a deal in terms of power. I can now do a margarita in 25 to 30 seconds instead of 45. Not that impressed quite frankly. When I first tried the blender I ran it for only about 10 seconds and I got a lot of small ice chunks. I was perplexed and annoyed. So the next time I ran it for longer and got the desired texture. I'm not sure if saving that extra 20 seconds was worth the extra expense.This blender looks nice (but then so do others - and I personally prefer the silver Oster beehive more in terms of appearance) and it definitely looks like it's solidly built. The motor mechanism is metal unlike just about every cheaper model. It looks like it will last a long long time.If you're looking for something that will last, that's durable, and you like the simple operation of a two mode blender (pulse and full speed) then this will do nicely. But honestly, I don't think it's that special in terms of power. You can still make that great margarita or smoothie with a less powerful model - and with one with more options and speeds. The choice is yours. Message is: Don't believe all the hype. This is not the best thing since slice bread, although it's still a good blender.
39/43
4.0
1197676800
B000266VUU
I've used many low end detectors - Whistler, Cobra, Uniden, etc. For several years I used a Beltronics 906. About 2003 I noticed that it wasn't doing its job. I found myself in several situations where it was obvious that radar was being used and I got barely a beep from the 906. Something was very wrong.I scoured the Internet doing research, trying to figure out what new radar was being used that my detector was failing to pick up. I came across one site in which an expert stated that any detector made prior to 2001 or 2002 was almost worthless today and would fail to detect modern radar. That described my detector! I did further research and discovered that some police departments across the US were using a new radar called POP. Several models, including the Beltronics 965, scan for POP. Having good experience with Beltronics in the past, I went with this model.I have been using the 965 for several months now and I can savely say that it _works._ However, the new fangled radar being used by the police, at least in my area, was not POP. It appears that the local state police have some kind of new KA radar that earlier models can't pick up. I've never found out what it is. All I know is that the older models don't work.Some of the hype about POP might be hyperbole. As for the 965, its detection of POP is, well, just about useless. My detector is set on City/No X detection and it freuquently is set off by false POP alarms. Traffic lights seem to be the most common problem. After that it seems to be other cars with their own detectors. My advice on the POP, unless you live in a state where you know it's being used, is don't bother setting up your detector to monitor for it. The truth is, here in the US northeast, I've yet to detect a single POP radar used by the police.So why bother with this model? Most importantly, independent tests have shown beltronics detectors to be some of the best in the market. Just check out the tests at at speedzones dot com. If you're looking at detectors in the 150 to 250 range this is the one to buy. It's a current model - along with the beltronics 995 - which makes it the best choice for current radar situations. Unless you like the bells and whistles on the 995, this model is the one you'll want. The 995 is overkill and likely has the exact same detection range as the 965.If you're looking for a cheaper detector you might want to check out the Whistler 1783. It's a good cheaper substitute. But if you're willing to pay more for a detector that will pull in that signal 5 to 20 seconds quicker, this is the one want. In my own tests I've been able to pick up radar signals more than a mile away. I've never had that level of detection with _any_ of the detectors I've used in my lifetime.
48/51
5.0
1094774400
B0002DVKA4
Now, perhaps more than when Saddam was in power, this book is required reading in understanding the current situation in Iraq.As Aburish so clearly illustrates, for decades the US supported Baath Party and Saddam Hussein. In the process they back stabbed on more than one occasion the Kurds, the Shia and other groups who opposed Saddam. This betrayal has certainly been a contributing factor to the situation as it exists now (2004) with various insurgent groups attacking US forces. While it's true that some of these groups are coming from external influences (e.g. Syria and Iran), it's also true that some are just people who view the US as a hostile occupying force. Part of the distrust came from the history Aburish describes here.The notion that Aburish is somehow &quot;anti-US&quot; misses the point entirely. The US policy toward Saddam post Gulf War I was one of of &quot;positive containment.&quot; As explained by a member of the National Security Council in 1991: &quot;Our goal [was] to remove Saddam Hussein, not his regime.&quot; This meant that we actively prevented other groups from overthrowing the regime. Indeed, as reported by the major media, Kurdish and Shia rebel leaders were told during a coup attempt orchestrated by the CIA that they should &quot;not get in the way of our operation.&quot;How could we have dealt with Saddam? This is perhaps a weakness of Aburish's book, but it's one created in part by a totally warped US policy. At one point can we go back in time and stop supporting his brutal regime? Since we can't go back in time, how can we change our actions so that they represent true American ideals? In this manner of thinking, Aburish's analysis actually wasn't that far off. In the long haul we might have gotten rid of Saddam by a policy that supported the Iraqi people instead of one that resigned them to victims of both their own government and the US dominiated UN policy of genocidal sanctions - a policy that ultimately strengthened Saddam domestically.With Saddam now gone from power this book is perhaps a little dated. However, it is necessary reading if you want a better understanding of the current quagmire created by the US invasion.
4/4
5.0
1083196800
B0001DYTOY
ProsBest scanner for the moneyFastest high resolution film scanner currently on the market (as of 2008)Allows you to use your old 35mm as a 19+MP cameraDigital ICE and other corrective extras are great on most imagesWorks with C-41 process B&W; negsConsExpensiveFastest is still slow, especially since ICE is usually necessary and slows the process downDoes not work with regular B&W; negsHas problems giving proper tone and shadows on some slides, mostly KodachromeConclusion: Good or bad, it's about the best you can get if you need to convert your old negs and slides and don't have thousands of dollars to get something better.This is my second Nikon scanner. I used to own the LS2000 which was excruciatingly slow and tedious to use. The results were great, yes, but the length of time it took to scan was too long for me. I also really didn't have the hard drive space for storing the huge files. Back then you didn't have hundreds of gigs at your disposal.I purchased the 5000 because I needed the highest possible resolution and quality within a reasonable price range. If you want better you're probably looking at a drum scanner that costs a whole lot more.Thankfully, the 5000 is considered one of the faster 35mm scanners you can get. But if you're new to film scanners, plan on waiting. The best to expect is about 30 seconds without any use of ICE or other corrections to the image. In my experience, ICE is always necessary which means the estimated times given by Nikon (under 30 seconds) are overly optimistic at best. I scanned fresh negatives after being developed and they still required ICE. The scanner just picks up every single detail - which is both good and bad.I use an Intel Mac and overall everything works fine. Ditto what others have said about Nikon's software which is indeed buggy. It's crashed a few times on my computer. However, it's always up and running fine after I restart it (the program, not the computer). Have not tried VueScan yet, but it's something I'm looking into.I wasted several hours when I first got the scanner trying to find the ideal setting for my work - negatives and slides that go back more than 25 years. They have dust on them and some of them have minor scratches. With that in mind, I strongly recommend the following settings to anyone in a similar situation:Use ICE on every scan. Start with normal setting at first and go up to "fine" if the image still has flaws.Enable "post processing" and put ROC at zero (don't typically need it) and GEM at maximum (for grain) for negs. In my experience no more than level 1 for grain is necessary for slides and you might not even need it at all. Negs, however, must have it unless you want a grainy image.These settings have worked with the majority of my negs and slides.EDIT: After doing several hundred negs/slides I've discovered that some do need additional help. Digital cameras tend to have highly saturated images and 35mm looks flat in comparison. ROC can boost the colors if they're flat. (If they're already vibrant it will distort them.) I've also encountered a few images that needed DEE (for shadows), but these were images that were inherently flawed to begin with. Keep in mind that the more options you choose (ICE, ROC, GEM and DEE) the longer the scan takes. Check all four and you're looking at a couple of minutes.A major plus and two major minuses to keep in mind:This scanner WILL work great with C-41 based B&W; film. Because it reads it as color the ICE function works just like it does with color. I was extremely thankful for that.The scanner's ICE function will not work with regular B&W; film. Unfortunately, B&W; film is extremely prone to scratching and major flaws that show up when they're scanned. I found major scanning services online that actually refuse to deal with B&W; negs because there's so much post-scanning (Photoshop) work involved to make the image look good. Why some company hasn't come up with a solution for this is baffling given the popularity and abundance of B&W; film, especially by pros and semi-pros. In any case, I've tried to scan my B&W; negs and the end result is horrible. I'm looking at a couple hours of work per image on Photoshop.The scanner also has a hard time with Kodachrome slides. I've tried several and the scanner does a rather poor job and recreating the true colors of the image, especially in the shadows. Overall, it tends to severely darken these images in my experience. I'm still researching to see if there's a setting fix for this within the software.This scanner will turn your 35mm camera into the equivalent of a 19+MP camera. The basic setting 8 bit depth scans are about 60MB (tiff, not jpeg) and almost 120MB when you go to 16 bit. This isn't that helpful to anyone who just wants an 8X10, but it's extremely important if you're trying to do commercial work. Online stock photo agencies, for example, want 50+MB files.This scanner will allow you to keep using 35mm for now. If you can afford a Nikon D300 or better than definitely make that leap and never look back. But if you need this scanner anyway to upgrade your old negs and slides, this will allow you to use that older equipment for a bit longer. I know I have an old 35mm 1:1 macro lens that I still enjoy using and now I can with the help of this scanner.The two other scanners I contemplated were the less expensive Nikon CoolScan V and Epson Perfection V700 and 750. I chose the 5000 over the V because it was faster - very important given how many scans I need to do. And the Epson became a non-choice after reading about how much trouble those models have with focusing. If you want to spend less and don't have many negs or slides to scan then get the Nikon V. The far more expensive Nikon 9000 is only worth it if you have medium format film. Otherwise there's no reason to pay more for that model.
22/22
4.0
1219276800
B000GCFW0A
Gilbert quotes a lot of various studies to reach rather grand conclusions. In some cases it works, in others it falls flat. You just can't compare, as others have pointed out, the feelings one has about ice cream versus how one feels about having children.One of the huge problems with Gilbert's book is that his argument is far to ethnocentric. The research he quotes is overwhelmingly focused on the experiences of Americans and, as others have pointed out, much of that concerns rather trivial matters. People from different cultures experience happiness from different things which means that perhaps much of what makes us happy isn't inherent.Gilbert takes certain things for granted so much that he ignores human history. The concept of the nuclear family, for example, is a modern construct. Hundreds of years ago extended families took care of the children and mothers were not necessarily the primary caretakers - certainly not once the children were out of infancy. Perhaps those individuals would report different levels of happiness regarding being a parent. We can't know because those days are long gone. But the point is that Gilbert can't treat the here and now as if it's the end all in terms of human experience and what makes us happy.What really drove me nuts was Gilbert's unwillingness to question and his failure to apply the most basic scientific principle - correlation does not mean causation. He quotes the often repeated research about money not making people happy and that once we reach a certain plateau that more money doesn't make a difference. The problem here, just like the nuclear family issue, is that he's only looking at the correlation - money - and not looking at the causation - one's actions. Maybe a generous rich person is one of the most happy people on earth. We don't know because researchers like Gilbert never differentiate between the different ways people spend money. They just focus on the money.Despite these criticisms, I enjoyed 90% of this book. It's easy to read and understand and the examples given are intriguing and thought provoking. There is meat to much of what Gilbert has to say.His ending, however, just doesn't hold true. Gilbert argues that we're not as original as we all like to think and we really can ask others who are where we supposedly want to be about their happiness to find out if we would also be happy in their positions. This will only work in the most simplistic examples.If you wonder if you like chocolate ice cream and you ask others about what it's like then, yeah, you'll find out that most like it and you will too. (Some of the research Gilbert quotes is that simple.) But most of us aren't concerned with such trivial matters. Say you're interested in traveling the globe in a sail boat. Or you want to be an astronaut. Or you want to run for political office. The odds are that the people you ask who've done these things are glad they did them. It was something they felt compelled to do. I believe it was Mark Twain who once said, "The people who will like this sort of thing are the people who will like this sort of thing." People who want to become astronauts work to become astronauts. You have it or you don't. And those who do have it are, despite what Gilbert argues, different than the rest of us who don't.We discover what we like by trial and error and, when it comes to the big things in life, most of us wouldn't go back and change things. This makes us all very unreliable sources in terms of telling someone else - with a different personality, different life, etc. - whether they'll be happy as well.I'm glad I read the book. But I felt let down by the faulty conclusions and the emphasis on small research examples to prove rather large points.
34/37
3.0
1156118400
0553096087
&quot;The Mediterranean Diet Cookbook&quot; has received many glowing reviews, all of them likely very much warranted. While I understand its worth as a cookbook, I have to object to how this book is marketed as being able to change one's lifestyle.Recently diagnosed with heart disease in my mid-thirties, I have been looking for information that will both improve my health and work within the limits of my lifestyle. This book, at least for me, will not and cannot work. But I recognize it will for others.First of all, as the author indicates, this type of cooking requires time and preparation. This is, after all, a part of Meterranean culture. I understand that. But it is not part of American culture. More importantly, it's not even feasible for many people trying to scrape by financially. The idea of working in the kitchen for hours each day is simply not possible for many Americans - regardless of their own desires. This is why I suspect that the audience for this type of book is restricted almost exclusively to families and individuals who are wealthy (or at least not in financial debt) or who are in a traditional relationship in which one spouse stays home during the day.Another thing that I found annoying was the author's attitude that one's sweet tooth should be easily satisfied with a basic cookie or a piece of fruit. Having been raised a vegetarian throughout most of my childhood I can attest to the fact that eating natural foods all the time does _not_ guarantee that your desires for cake, ice cream or brownies will simply disappear. For some people, perhaps even a majority, it is a question of just giving up what they desire. If there's one thing I've grown to detest after my own diagnosis is that I will be easily satisified with my new diet and lifestyle. Like many individuals with heart disease, I must accept my plight. However, I don't have to put up with anyone telling me that I will be satisfied with something that I already know from my own experience to be a poor substitute. In other words, don't manipulate me, just state the truth outright: you may like desserts, but you're going to have to give them up.If you have the time and interest to cook this book is an excellent choice. If your lifestyle simply cannot adapt then I would recommend looking elsewhere. In my personal experience I found &quot;SuperFoods Rx : Fourteen Foods That Will Change Your Life&quot; by Steven G. Pratt to be the most helpful thus far.
206/231
3.0
1088985600
B00018D60C
Let's face it, most soundtrack CDs stink. They're either filled with forgetful ambient instrumental tracks or the songs are just plain lousy.While there could have been improvments, this CD is pretty good. It's important to remember that this is a _love story_ set in _Hawaii_. I mention this because so many reviewers seem to be dissing the choice in music while forgetting the entire tone of the movie.For the most part, the track selections are right on.The remakes of the Cars song &quot;Drive,&quot; Roxy Music's &quot;Slave to Love,&quot; the Cure's &quot;Friday I'm in Love,&quot; and the Outfield's &quot;Your Love&quot; all stand out. Even Adam Sandler's &quot;Forgetful Lucy&quot; is good - it's romantic, silly, and yes, even off key. But wasn't that the point of the movie?!The one track that shouldn't be here is the remake of &quot;Every Breath You Take.&quot; That song was never intended to be romantic and was always about a creepy statement about obsession and stalking. How it keeps getting interpreted into something about romance is beyond me.It's true that some of the songs here don't show up during the course of the movie. However, they do run during the credits . . . which brings me to the two songs were actually in the movie that should have been on the CD . . .The Beach Boys &quot;Wouldn't It Be Nice&quot; is the song that brings the two characters together and is sung in some fashion about six times in the movie. Why isn't it here? The second track is Israel Kamakawiwo`ole's &quot;Somewhere Over the Rainbow&quot; which so clearly captures the melancholy bittersweet reality of being in love with a woman who can't remember she loves you. It's a shame it's not on the CD. This is especially true given that Israel (deceased) was Hawaiian and he deserves the credit for his work.Overall, this is one of the better movie soundtracks out there, despite its failings.
11/13
4.0
1080518400
B0001FUAXQ
Before I bought the Thule 830 I looked at the 835XT which is extremely popular around New England. Retail price for two 835s (to hold two kayaks) is well over 250 bucks as of this writing. Sure, it's probably easier to load a kayak on the 835 instead of the 830, but it's not just the price, it's also the added wind resistance and possible drop in gas mileage that could result.The Thule 830 is a little bit more complicated to use, but it's more versatile than more expensive models. The two center rests fold down when not in use (and thus reduces drag) and it can handle up to four kayaks if your roof is big enough. It's a little more difficult to use than the 835 because there's no cradle for you to just plop the kayak into. Instead, you have to sort of balance the Kayak against the two posts while you tie it down. Also, the other drawback is that the straps provided are really only intended for one kayak. You could perhaps push it and use them for two, but another set of straps is probably best.Installation on a Honda factory installed rack was easy. From the looks of the instructions, the 830 should be adaptable to most car roof racks. But check with Thule if you're in doubt.I'm definitely pleased with this model. There really was no other choice given the price and versatility.
34/34
5.0
1184716800
B000067V8G
I have a B&W; tower that's been upgraded with a G4 zif processor. Naive as I was, I went to the store and bought some headphones to use with Skype. Thought they should work fine with my Mac - said right on the package that it was "Mac compatible." Wrong. Like many Macs, mine has a Plaintalk audio input. The only known microphone that works with Plaintalk is Apple's own microphone. Sure, it's powerful, but it gives you 360 degree sound (not good for Internet phoning) and it's fairly difficult to use with a headphone.I'm not aware of any other solution other than the Ne-mic. (The same company makes a USB adapter, but it's double to triple in price.) You plug it in the Plaintalk input, plug your regular headphone mic cord into the adapter, and voila, you can use any headphones intended for Windows on your Mac.Although the manufacturer doesn't promote this feature, it's a biggie: This adapter allows you to input audio from other sources such as a stereo or tape recorder. You could even use it with a VCR with some additional cheap cables. Along with appropriate software (e.g. Ambrosia's AudioX) this means you can cheaply digitize audio and put it on your web site or send it as an attachment to your email. This will allow you to convert old tapes to MP3s or create your own interview shows on tape and then post them to the net. Sure, you can buy audio equipment (e.g. the Olympus DM-10) to record digital audio. But it will cost you. This little adapter allows you to use inexpensive equipment you likely already own - like a tape recorder.
4/4
5.0
1106524800
080700250X
While in college, after leaving US Army Intelligence, my senior year thesis centered on war crimes committed by US soldiers and those who, in the midst of combat, refused to participate."The Winter Soldier Investigation" was just one of my dozens of sources. While it has been reasonably argued that some of the men quoted here were lying, it is important to emphasize that MOST participants were not. Furthermore, the statements made by participants of the Winter Soldiers Investigation can be easily confirmed or backed up by other sources.Two of the most noteworthy biographies I can think of are "Born on the Fourth of July" and "Casualties of War." Both men (Ron Kovic and "Sven Erikson" - not his real name. He had to change it because of death threats from other soldiers) experienced, firsthand, atrocities committed in Vietnam. Erikson, in particular, is a metaphor for many who have spoken out. After going public with the story of how his fellow squad members had raped and murdered an unarmed village girl his life was threatened. Now today we have the so-called "Swift Boat Vets" who call John Kerry a liar for quoting those in this book. The true liars are the Swift Boat Vets.If you have the chance to come across this book be forewarned. It is graphic and disturbing. But it is worth it. It is a glimpse into the hell that was Vietnam - for soldiers and civilians alike.
10/12
5.0
1098144000
0679404295
Like many people, I read "Was" immediately after "Wicked."Both books cover the same topic ("The Wizard of Oz") but they have different approaches, different agendas, different topics entirely. They're both excellent and really shouldn't be compared.Whereas "Wicked" gives us a non-traditional view of what's _inside_ Oz, "Was" takes us into the more disturbing realms of reality. We see Dorothy as a human placed in horrible circumstances. We get a glimpse behind the curtain to see the suffering of "Judy Garland." And then Ryman brings it all together with a modern day scarecrow dying of AIDS."Wicked" was a fantastic metaphor. It made you think. It gave us imagery to wonder at and ponder. "Was" strips most of that away and attempts to give us a possible story behind the metaphor. As in, if Dorothy was a real person what would she be like?"Was" is not light reading. It's not intended to be. If you like your fiction to stay out of the shadowy corners of human existence you should avoid this book completely. If, however, you'd like to see a dark vision of reality about Oz give "Was" a try.It's unfortunate that this book gets slammed for what it clearly was never intended to be - like "Wicked." Both books are great. But they have different fish to fry.I only give the book four stars because Ryman could have have done a better job in his characterization. Still, it's a very good book and will be one of the rare fiction titles that I plan to keep on my shelf indefinitely.
26/28
4.0
1106524800
B000GF90PK
I looked at all the basic mono laser printers in the $200 range before I chose the Samsung ML-3051N. For some reason, the most popular model was the Brother HL-5250DN. Just compare the number of customer reviews of that model compared to this one and you'll see that it's a very popular printer.There's only one feature that the Brother has that this one doesn't - duplex. And since I didn't need duplexing I looked at both machines as potentially equal. They weren't. Here's six reasons why the Samsung is better:1. It doesn't cause a power drain during printing. Unlike the Brother (read the Brother reviews for more info). This was a major issue for me as I live in an older house and only a few appliances can be used at any one time.2. It has a small 3" long/two line digital status window which provides more info and makes it easier to program. The Brother only has a couple of status lights.3. It has a toner saving function that reduces output by 40% which saves money. According to CNET, this makes printing on the Samsung a little over 1 cent per page. I've used this with basic text and the pages look just fine for my needs - invoices. (Unfortunately, you really won't be able to use this for more formal documents as there is a slightly faded look.)4. It typically costs less. When Amazon itself has it in stock (they seem to be out of stock every few weeks) the price is well below $200.5. It has 64MB of built in memory, twice that of the Brother.6. It's maximum monthly duty cycle is 35,000 pages compared to the Brother's 20,000 pages. (This isn't actually as big a deal for me since I only print about 1000 pages a month.)Even the Brother's alleged advantage of duplexing is suspect. Multiple reviewers have indicated that the Brother curls the paper when duplexing.I know one reviewer has indicated problems with the manual feed. Since I don't need that function it doesn't matter to me either way.So far I'm extremely pleased with this purchase.Edit: The printer continues to function as expected after months and months of usage. One issue has popped up that would likely affect all laser printers. The more humid it is the more likely it will jam. This doesn't happen all the time, but it's obvious on a really muggy day. But again, many printers and copiers have this problem as humidity affects the paper. If I had this in a climate controlled office I doubt it would ever jam.
4/4
5.0
1205193600
B000KVDQ6E
Having worked professionally as a political organizer, as someone who has researched the causes of war and conflict, and having served in the US Army, I approached Chris Hedges' book with deep respect and hope.Hedges begins his book by explaining quite clearly that he is not a pacifist. So we know he supports some wars. And we get a small initial idea of his frame of mind. After that, however, the reader is left to wonder what the overall point is. The author briefly states what appears to be general truths (e.g. civilians are harmed in war) and then goes on to almost exclusively use the conflict in the former Yugoslavia to back up his point. He then repeatedly goes on rants of various lengths that, on paper, look like sermons.I'm the choir. Mr. Hedges doesn't need to convince me that we need to be more selective about when we go to war. But he does need to convince others. I believe he fails miserably at this. He might have been more successful had he attempted to create a general framework that was less diatribe and more sociological observation.In one early portion of the book Hedges refers to the theory of "otherness" as an explanation as to why it is so easy for so many to kill others. Anyone we see as different than us due to race, gender, physical ability, national identity, appearance, etc. we can duhumanize. They are "other" and therefore "not human." He states that it's possible that this is perhaps the root cause of war. And then . . . nothing. He leaves in the dust what is likely the framework for his entire thesis.What Hedges could have done was dissect the various societal phenomena that leads to otherness. He could have taken nationalism, for example, showed various conflicts in which it was used, and then applied the principle across the board to all wars - not just the former Yugoslavia.I have to wonder if this book was rushed to the publisher before it was ready. The cover illustration clearly shows a group of Americans after 9-11. At first glance you get the idea that the book is about how war gives us meaning with the US as an example. But that's not what we get. What we get are rants and multiple experiences related to a conflict that most Americans don't even care about. And that's a true shame. The timing of this book is perfect. We need reflection more now more than ever. But Hedges makes the mistake of offering us examples that have very little relation to what Americans think and experience about war.When you talk about nationalism and show how it was used for the purposes of "ethnic cleansing" in another country there is a disconnect. A reader might think, "That's not what we do so this has nothing to do with my country." Hedges' vision is too narrow, too confined to one conflict. If he had created a framework and expanded it to cover various wars he would have had something that almost any reader could apply to their own country. Because, quite bluntly, nationalism _does_ play a role in war. In every war. It most definitely has played a negative role after 9-11. From looking at the book's cover it's fair to expect you might get that from the text. But you don't. Hedges' work is, unfortunately, a squandered opportunity.
11/19
3.0
1095120000
B00275EGWY
"Hurt Locker" just has far too many flaws to have deserved Best Picture.I walked into the theater knowing that many with military experience had been critical of its depiction of unit tactics and deployment. Having served in the Army myself (pre-Iraq war) I was actually fine with that part of the movie as there's an obvious logistical reason for the way it was filmed - cost and the hassle of introducing more characters than were wanted/necessary to the plot. If the director (Bigelow) had shown an entire platoon or more accompanying the bomb disposal unit she would have also had to introduce some of them as secondary characters. So I gave a free pass on that count. However, I take other vets word on the use of the suit and how the bombs were diffused. Wasn't realistic.The combat scene in the desert is also completely wrong. The insurgents take out soldiers at almost 900 meters with single shots using AKs! Not just no way, but no freakin' way. US soldiers are trained to take out targets with M-16s at 300 meters and not everyone can do it. Hitting someone at almost three times that distance in one shot . . . NO. Not with an M-16 and not with an AK. Meanwhile, the US soldier firing with a high caliber rifle - something actually intended for sniping - has to take several shots before he can finally hit the insurgents. That part is possibly correct, especially if the soldier firing isn't a trained sniper.Bigelow also forces her characters to do things because her plot demands it, not because it makes sense. This is just bad film making to make such an error. Example: The main character tells his wife a story near the end of the movie that would have caused any normal person, especially a mother, to react with some emotion and empathy. But instead Bigelow forces that character to act cold and distant . . . which helps set up the next action by the male lead.How did this movie win Best Picture? "Avatar" certainly didn't deserve to win either. It's "Dances With Wolves" via CGI. 2009 must have been one bad year for quality movies . . . or, more likely, Hollywood was unwilling to buck their "need" to either be popular ("Avatar") or political ("Hurt Locker") and just go with a solid film like "Up," "Precious" or "Up in the Air."
1/2
3.0
1269475200
B0009CEKY6
The Pur faucet mounted filter worked great at first. Very easy to install - easier to use than a Brita. Pur claims that their filters are better than Brita at removing contaminants and they're probably right. Pur makes portable filters for hiking that, as far as I know, are rated excellent for emergency purposes. That quality, however, is not there in their filters for home use.Within about a month the filter developed serious leaks near the top of the unit. Water literally sprays outward at the top and goes everywhere. At first I was going to get the unit replaced. Then I went to a friend's house where they also had a Pur filter on their tap. They had the white model that's identical to the chrome shown here. Their unit was beginning to do the same! Water was leaking out of the top.Don't bother buying this. All the negative reviews clearly show that Pur has SERIOUS quality control issues with this product.Pur has lost my business. I don't care if their filters are better at removing contaminants than Brita's, I want something that works. I gave up on the faucet mount system (none of them allow for additional mounted devices such as a portable dishwasher, something I need) and decided to just get the largest size pitcher filter system I could find. I went with Brita. I figure if Pur doesn't care that they're selling defective merchandise and ripping people off then I assume that they don't care that much about their quality control on their other home filtration systems.
3/3
1.0
1262217600
B000EPJLGK
I purchased the 5.5G just a few weeks before the 6G version was announced by Apple. I was not happy. Just as I expected, the 5.5G's battery capacity is extremely limiting. It just doesn't last that long. The 6G classic has a lot longer battery life. Other than that, it's worked mostly as it should and is a breeze to use when downloading music from my Intel Mac.It's my understanding that the 6G has, oddly enough, more restrictive video capabilities than the 5.5. Apple is probably trying to push people who want video to a more expensive model than the 6G classic. But since I don't use the video function at all, I strongly recommend the 6G unless you're on a really tight budget.A new issue I've discovered with the 5.5G is when I have it connected via iPod cable to my car stereo it freezes up. This is a direct input to the stereo, not just an audio cable, so the stereo takes control. When I'm on shuffle mode the most songs I can through (this includes skipping a lot of songs) is about 250 before the iPod just freezes up. I'm not at all accustomed to having my Apple items behave like this. The stereo is a fairly expensive Alpine - maybe it's the problem and not the iPod. However, Alpine specifically set up their stereos to work with iPods so I don't know. I think it's just that the iPod can't handle shuffle mode when it has "too many" songs on it. Again, wished I'd bought the 6G.
0/1
4.0
1219536000
B00068JQ2Y
I was diagnosed and treated for heart disease when I was 34. Blood tests showed that while my cholesterol wasn't too bad, my triglycerides were extremely high. I was immediately prescriped Lipitor, an expensive drug that caused some uncomfortable side effects.Within the space of three months I changed my diet and stopped taking the drug altogether. I reduced my sugar intake (a major factor) and eating foods with hydrogenated oils. I also began taking these specific pills, Pantesin Pantethine, one pill twice a day.The end result was startling. Without a bit of exercise (which also drops triglyceride levels) I was able to beat the results of Lipitor. I started out at 260, Lipitor brought me down to 160, stopped taking the drug and changed my diet and began taking these pills and I was down to 100! I can't prove scientifically that these pills were the major factor (I take probably ten different supplements each day), but the evidence at least suggests that they had a definite positive influence.
19/19
5.0
1116633600
B00006AUNH
Many reviewers have commented on the movie so I'd like to focus exclusively on the features of the DVD.So many times you you get a DVD and the &quot;extras&quot; consist of the trailer and the choice of sub-titles. Other times you luck out and get what appears to be cool behind-the-scenes documentaries. What you get, in fact, are hammy interviews with the cast and crew as they go about their business of making the movie. And most of the explanations of the more technical aspects are as about as in-depth as you'd get on Entertainment Tonight.There are exceptions, of course, such as the first Matrix which offered details about how they created the special effects in the movie. But it seems these kinds of extras are the exception and not the rule.The Count of Monte Cristo is a pleasant surprise because it truly offers interesting background information that a fan of the movie would want to watch.A discussion with the screenwriter as to how and why he adapted the script from the original Dumas book was very interesting. And the short bio on Dumas was a nice surpise. And unlike other DVDs, this one offers not only deleted scenes, but also commentary about why those scenes were deleted. Perhaps the only mundane portion of the extras was the &quot;layer-by-layer&quot; audio design segment which took a specific scene of the movie and split the sound into dialogue, sound effects, and music. But even then, this would be of interest to people who want to learn more about how movies are made.This is a DVD for people who want to know more about the movie and its subject. I only wish other DVDs were as good as this one.
1/2
5.0
1079568000
0028642333
As a recovering Protestant turned inquiring skeptic of all religions, I've been looking for books that offer a fair and balanced view of various religions. I'm not so much interested in the warm and fuzzy details, just the cut and dry whys and whats behind various beliefs and practices.Let me just state up front that I am not especially against Islam -- or any other religion. I have issues with them all. Also, my last two long term committed relationships were with Muslim raised women. I bought the book, in part, to help fill in a few blanks.Unfortunately, the author is blatantly biased in favor of Islam and glosses over certain details and, at times, outright lies or omits contradictory information.The author points out that the Muslim World was invaded during the Crusades. Fair enough. But then nothing is mentioned about the Muslim invasions of Christian areas.In a race to come off as pro-American and patriotic post 9-11, the author addresses the US policy and actions against Iraq in a blatantly ignorant fashion that few Arabs or Muslims would agree with. As an expert on the US policy on Iraq, I can say without doubt that there is little support for the sanctions which kill innocent civilians and, in fact, HELP Saddam Hussein. But to read this book you'd think that all Muslims and Arabs were gung ho for the US policy. The whole section on Iraq is complete nonsense, devoid of any important background information. (For a good explanation for both the US policies in the Middle East and the atrocities committed by Arab states I strongly recommend Said Aburish's book, Brutal Friendship. His book on Saddam Hussein is also very good.)What is particularly annoying to me is the author's emphasis on supposed equality between men and women in Islam. Listen, if you want to believe something, believe in your own terms. It's as if the author is trying to superimpose western ideals over a system that is blatantly sexist. For example, the author explains that the reason that women pray in the back of mosques is so that the men won't be distracted. This is the same reason given for the variations of the head covering. And then the author has the audacity to say that this is "equal" treatment! Obviously, many western women face unwanted sexual advances. However, regardless of whether you're in the US or in a Muslim country the same truth prevails: It is the responsibility of the MEN to behave themselves. Saying that a woman must cover herself or that she must hide in the back of a mosque is not "equality." It's the punishment of women for the failure of men to control themselves. This author, without a doubt, has no clue as to what gender equality really means.On the positive side, I gave this book two stars instead of one because there is some basic info provided that will help non-Muslims better understand certain things. Basic vocabulary and brief histories of various Islamic people and events are all provided.Overall, this book reads like a religious tract that you might find left on your doorstep by people you'd wish would just leave you alone. I want to emphasize that I would say the same thing about a book that discussed ANY relgion in this manner. It makes me wonder if the Complete Idiot's Guide(R) series approaches Christianity, Judaism and other religions in the same way. For example, do they defend the Catholic practice of excluding women from leadership positions and then say they support "equality"? Do they accept without question the Israeli occupation of Palestinian lands? And so on. If that's the case, I plan to avoid the entire series!If you want to learn about religion without feeling like the author is trying to convert you, without feeling like you're being manipulated, then I recommend that you look elsewhere.
114/193
2.0
1017532800
B0007SN0SE
I have yet to find another alarm clock with the ability for separate alarms for all seven days. It blows my mind that only one exists because it seems like such a no-brainer feature to offer. Not everyone works 9-5 each day and has a constant schedule. College students, the self employed (like myself) and many others would find this alarm to be the perfect choice.The clock has a programmable nap function that's independent from the seven alarms. Want to sleep for 20 minutes? Set the nap function for 20 and the alarm will go off at the end of the countdown. The clock will remember your 20 minute preference for the next time you want to take a nap.Another great feature that I've never seen on any other alarm clock is the programmable snooze button. Not only can you determine the length of the snooze, but when your alarm goes off the number of times you press the button will multiply the length of time before the alarm goes off again. Say you have snooze set for 10 minutes. Alarm goes off, you don't want to get up and you know you can squeeze in 20 more minutes, so you hit the button twice. Instead of 10 minutes the alarm will go off in 20.Despite these features, the clock is extremely easy to configure. This is a surprise given that one would expect a 7 day alarm to be even more complicated than other clocks. It's the exact opposite. I found it to be the most intuitive alarm clock I've ever used. Whereas other alarms have slide bars and buttons, this clock is primarily controlled by two dials on the center top. It's amazing that no other company thought of this.On the bad side, there's no way to control the LCD brightness and the analog control of the radio is too dated for a clock of this price. The sound is average at best. On the positive side, the overall design takes up little space and has a nice retro look.Contrary to what others have argued, I didn't find the LCD that bright at all at night. Only an extremely sensitive sleeper is going to have a problem. I found this model to be one of the least bright I've ever seen or used.As someone who's self employed, I can't recommend this alarm enough to anyone with an erratic schedule.
16/16
4.0
1167264000
B001R0BU3I
"Traitor" is one of the many movies about the "war on terrorism" that completely tanked at the box office. People just didn't want to watch movies about Iraq, Afghanistan, terrorism, rendition, torture - any of it. Some of those movies were actually pretty good, some were acceptable/OK, and some were just bad movies. "Traitor" is in the middle. Not a great flick, but definitely worth at least a rental.The director had to thread the eye of the needle with a story like this. How to depict Muslims and Arabs in all their humanity, from good to bad? This was a tight rope act and it appears, at least to this reviewer, that the director succeeded even if the final product wasn't a stupendous movie. It shows that some people are bad and some are good and they exist on all sides.Don Cheadle does a superb job as the guy torn apart in the middle, the witness to atrocities and hypocritical extreme ideology on both sides. There is tension throughout the film as viewers have to guess which way he's going to ultimately go and if the side he decides to join will accept him or kill him.Still, the film falls flat in part to its lack of budget. The final explosion is perhaps the biggest example. Not that big explosions make a great movie! Far from it. It's just that the specifics of the story indicated that this explosion would consist of multiple sources (possible spoiler - I'm trying to be vague) and the one they show is just too tiny for that. That kind of approach is seen in much smaller touches throughout the film. You can tell that they've passed off certain streets as foreign locales when it was probably just Vancouver, Canada. That a big chunk of the film ends up in Nova Scotia (about as non-descript as you can get) says something.Still, it's worth a rental and could possibly lead to some interesting conversations afterwards. It's definitely food for thought even if it's not a classic.
0/0
3.0
1236038400
B00006I5JQ
I purchased the N65 for a young nephew who's just getting involved in photography. For the most part, this camera fits his needs. It's highly automated and allows him to do high speed photography (sports), something many point and shoot 35mm cameras simply can't do.I've been using a Nikon N70, an older and somewhat more advanced camera, for about ten years. I've always been pleased with it, for the most part. One of the drawbacks, however, was its lack of a focus assist light. The N65 delivers this. The N65 also has a more advanced focus system, especially for moving objects. Again, great for shooting sports.The N65 has all the standard modes - Full auto, aperature priority, shutter priority, portrait, sports, night, landscape, manual, etc. As a hardcore user I find some these things unnecessary. Still, I can see why other users would like these extra fuctions.Unlike the N70, the N65 in low light situations, in auto modes (auto, portrait, etc.), will release the flash without input from the user. This is probably a great function for novice users. As someone who can take a handheld shot at 1/15 or even 1/8 of a second, without using a flash, I found this feature annoying. The user can circumvent this feature by using the manual modes (e.g. aperature priority).Another feature lacking on the N65 is a spot meter button. This comes in handy in difficult lighting situations (e.g. half the image is in sunlight, the other in shade) when a center metering system will fail completely.I also found the N65, like most of the modern SLRS, as just a bit too flimsy. (The heavier N70, when first released, was considered "cheap" by pro users.) It's mostly plastic and it feels like it will break easily if dropped. This is true with SLRs made by all the major manufacturers. The 28-80mm lens also shares this cheap feel.The N65 is a bargain for novice users with prices on 35mm cameras falling steadily as digital begins to dominate the market. Another good camera in this price range is the Canon K2. Still, if you want control over your images or you need something tough and sturdy, it would be best to either pay more for a better camera or, at the other extreme, buy an older used Nikon from the days when they built cameras to last.
14/14
4.0
1118275200
B000P267U0
There are so few books which approach men's emotions with honesty and compassion. Watson's Laura is a step in that direction. I just wish I could recommend it more.The problem is that there doesn't seem to be a healthy major female charater in the entire book. Both Laura and the mother are overly critical and negative while the girlfriend and wife are spineless wimps.Yes, we need more books about what men feel. But does it have to be at the cost of deprecating women? This is truly a well written book for the most part. I just don't understand why Watson couldn't have been more fair handed with the female characters.
4/6
3.0
1053561600
B0000659TX
It's kind of inappropriate that so many people complain that recorders _intended_ for speech (e.g. lectures, interviews, notes, etc.) are bad for recording music. Kind of goes without saying. If you want to record music, if you want stereo sound, if require audio quality, then don't buy _any_ cassette recorder in this price range. (The bare minimum for these needs is possibly the Panasonic RQ-A220.)There's also lots of confusion about the term "mini." The term mini is about the player size, not the tape's. This recorder, like all "mini" recorders, takes normal sized tapes. If you want the really small tapes then you want what they call "micro."I purchased the RQ-31 to replace an older GE model I was using for notes and interviews. One thing stood out immediately - the microphone was far more powerful. If you speak directly into the machine it will cause some distortion. This is good, actually, because it allows you to record people speaking without pushing the machine in their face. Combined with the voice activation feature this will allow you to easily record your thoughts and conversations without wasting tape. I thought this would be especially handy to record while driving - just leave it in the passenger's seat and it will record only when you speak.The most basic model on the market at this time is the Sony TCM-150 which is at least ten bucks less. Here's some of what you get by paying more: Voice activation, external microphone jack, extended record, and a tape counter. For most people these features are necessary which makes 150 model a poor choice. The Sony's TCM-200DV, however, offers all of that for about five bucks less than this Panasonic - except it doesn't have the counter which I thought I needed. The next model up, the Panasonic RQ-L51, is identical to the L31 except it comes with an AC adapter and rechargeable batteries. I'm not so sure that the extra cost is worth it, but some might find the adapter necessary.The recorder feels cheap for some reason. It's too light and there's too much plastic. (The Sony's TCM-200DV has the same weight.) Perhaps the manufacturers are putting all their effort into MP3 and digital recorders. In any case, use it for what it is. If you need an inexpensive recorder for interviews or lectures the Sony 220 or this Panasonic will likely do the job. If you require something a little more tough with better audio you'll definitely need to spend more - or pick up an older machine from the days when they made these things to last.
96/97
4.0
1107561600
B0002XP8DO
I accidentally put these quick draw tie down rachets to the test and they definitely passed. The hardware (metal hook and rachet on the other end) were pushed to the brink and didn't break.I took my kayak off the top of my car and threw the two Thule draw lines forward ahead of the car. They were still hooked to the undercarriage, but my plan was to take care of that once I had taken the kayak of the roof. Moved the kayak, jumped in the Element and backed up 50 feet or so. The lines were still in front of me, attached to the car. Why I didn't see them, I don't know. Then I pulled forward. That's when pushed the two Thule lines to the limit. Within seconds I heard a horrible grind sound and then a snap. Stopped the car and realized what I had done. One line was snapped, but the other was fine. The hardware (hooks and rachets) were all still completely functional, although a little scuffed. The weakest link was the one that broke - one of the fabric lines - after being strained by the pull of a few thousand pound vehicle.That the hardware stood up to such stress indicates to me that this set can take a real beating. As for the one cord that broke, something had to give. And in a real world situation (not one about stupidity, but the weight of just a kayak) the only way a line might break would be after it was obviously aged and weakened.Besides that, these are a breeze to use and you can secure your kayak to your vehicle really fast.
6/6
5.0
1220140800
B00099YLMA
I've used the MF-81 for a few months and I've found it to be very accurate, reliable and, for the most part, easy to use. I haven't been able to test it against a doctor's office mercury cuff (considered the most accurate), but it was tested against another cuff that was tested as accurate and it was pretty much right on the money.Positives: Accurate, compact, inexpensive (other cuffs with the same features typically cost more), fits both small and large wrists, remembers last 60 readings and gives average.Negatives: To find out the average of the last 60 readings requires hitting the "memory" button up to 60 times. I lost my instruction booklet so maybe there's a faster way. If not, this is an inconvenience. The battery warning symbol is also rather unreliable. Mine has given a low battery warning for a month and I've used it between 50 and 100 times without a problem.For the most part this is real bargain. I needed an accurate wrist cuff and I didn't want to spend a lot of money so it's perfect in that sense. If you require getting an average reading without much fuss then you might want to pay more for an easier to use model.
81/82
4.0
1127606400
B000GFA8P6
Just replaced the cartridge on my Samsung ML-3051N laser printer and found that it worked just as advertised in terms of output. Using the toner saver function (about 99% of the time) on the printer I printed approximately 20 pages per day over a 10 month period which comes out to about 6000 pages. Samsung estimates that you can get about 5600 pages with this cartridge with the toner saver function. Not too bad for a cartridge rated at 4000 pages at normal toner setting.The cartridge worked consistently right up to the end. No complaints.
2/2
5.0
1229558400
B0001AN1GO
There are lots of things you look for in a camcorder. Features, quality construction, and something easy to use are all things to consider. In the lower price range a lot of camcorders are alike and you have to look at some small specifics to figure out what's the best buy.The ZR90 is a good camcorder, but it has one major flaw that its predecessors did not - it has no mike input.The built in microphones on almost all camcorders, certainly those selling for less than $1000, are notoriously bad. They generally pick up 180 degrees of sound. In a group situation, at a party for example, the audio sounds like utter chaos. Canons also seem to be especially prone to picking up motor noise from the camera itself. Thus, if you're interested in good sound you need to have a camcorder with a mike input.Unfortunately, Canon chose to reduce the features on their 2004 ZR line by taking away the mike input. Why they did this is astonishing because it makes no sense.If you want a Canon camcorder with good sound you really need to either get an older model - almost any of the older ZRs including the 45, 50, 60, 65 and 70, all of which have mike inputs - or forget the ZR completely and go for an Elura or any of their other product lines that have this necessary feature. If you're accustomed to the typical sound one gets from an on-camera mike (or you plan to never use it in situations with lots of sounds), maybe this model will be fine for you.
46/50
4.0
1080518400
B0009S4J1O
"Off the Map" reminded me a bit of "Lost in Translation." The stories are completely different, of course. But there is a similarity in tone and texture. Both movies are more interested in showing the audience how their characters change and evolve than in advancing a traditional plot with a conflict and resolution. Some people who disliked "Lost" might like "Off the Map." However, I'm almost certain that anyone who did like "Lost" will find this movie as equally enjoyable.The plot of this movie has been written about several times here so I won't repeat most of it. Briefly, it's about a family of three, two parents and a young girl, who live in a secluded house in New Mexico (no running water, no electricity) and live on less than $5000 a year, who are visited by a young inexperienced IRS agent. The story is about how they all change as their lives intertwine in the midst of the beauty of the New Mexico high desert.New Mexico in itself is a character in this movie. I briefly lived in Santa Fe and I completely related to the IRS agent's feeling of awe and inspiration. Unlike some other viewers, however, I felt that the movie failed to convey some of the majesty of the region. In one of the extras on the DVD the producers talked about how they didn't want to make the scenery "too beautiful," as if it were some form of tourism porno. Perhaps the problem is that I saw the movie on the small screen and not the theater because it seemed to me that they went too far in the other direction. I have stood in the desert, like the IRS agent, and felt overwhelmed and inspired. I understood the character's reaction, but didn't really see why he was reacting the way he did within the context of what they were showing in the movie.Which brings me to one of the best moments in the movie. The IRS agent thinks he's in love with Arlene, the mother, who appears to be mildly amused by his attention. There's a key moment when "Map" shifts into gear as the agent gazes upon the New Mexico scenery as the sexy song "Mrs. Jones" plays on the radio. As the producers commented, in another movie this would be the moment that the affair began, not smoldered and blew out.The acting throughout is human and true. There's not a weak performance in the entire movie."Off the Map" won't be the most exciting movie you've ever watched. But it is a rewarding experience that shows you just how good the movies can be, despite all the cliche tripe that passes for entertainment at the multiplex.(Note: If you crave more I recommend the book "The Handyman" by Carolyn See. "Map" borrows a few key elements from the book which tells the story of a young artist and how he changes people's lives as he works as a Mr. Fix It in southern California. It's not as good as this movie (surprisingly), but it does continue the story of art, contemplation and changing people's perspectives on the world.)
50/54
5.0
1124928000
B001NY6YQG
"Head Case" is a funny show. The problem is, it's more of an SNL skit than a solid basis for an entire series.To give it some credit, it sort of reminded me of "Boston Legal" and "Weeds." But both of those shows are funnier and have much stronger story arcs that pull you in for the long haul.Given the current state of network TV, this show might be worth a look for some. I'm not sure if it's worth owning, however, as I don't think the show will be good for repeat viewings. It's neither funny nor sentimental enough for that in my opinion.
1/1
3.0
1248912000
B000NLLXUM
I've owned the iHome Portable Travel Alarm Clock for a couple of years now. I don't use it as an alarm clock so I can't comment on that. What stands out as the best thing about this model is the portability. It runs on batteries and it's fairly small. It's not going to fit in a pocket, but it will easily fit inside a small bag.The sound is unfortunately so-so. It's not as bad as the sound you get from a typical tinny sounding basic alarm clock, but it is wanting. The bass is still too low and you're not going to raise the roof with the volume. It just can't get that loud.My biggest complaint is the lack of a radio. The iHome line has models in this price range with radios. It seems they sacrificed the radio for the portability. This was the bigger deal breaker for over the sound. I use this in my work area (self employed) and I didn't have to have superb sound, but the radio I could have used.If you're on a budget this one might be just fine. If you're willing to spend more then definitely do it. And if you don't need the portability don't even bother with this one because you can easily get something better in the same price range.
1/1
3.0
1232150400
B00008PW11
The central idea behind Pass the Bomb is for each player, in turn, to create new words using a three letter combination pre-determined by the cards. A roll of the dice decides whether the three letters needs to come at the end, the beginning or or anywhere within the word. A bomb timer goes off after a certain amount of time and the player who, at that moment, has failed to come up with a new word loses that round.The game is sort of like Boggle in that you are provided some letters and then you need to think as fast as possible to come up with words that other players haven't used yet. What's especially different here is that there's no period of silence like you have with Boggle which makes this a far better party atmosphere game. Because it pushes players to come up with more words on their own it's likely that the game is more educational than Boggle as well. One word of caution: Like many word games, this one is definitely not for younger kids. Above the age of nine or ten should be fine, however.About the only complaint I have about the game is the bomb timer. The components of the game consist of the cards, one die, and the timer. Given the lack of materials necessary to make the cards and die the bomber should be a little more hi-tech. Instead, the explosion sound is a little bit on the wimpy side.As a word game fan (Scrabble, Boggle, Upwards, Quiddler) I'd say this is one of the best choices out there. It's more social than Scrabble, Boggle, and Upwards and demands more ability than Quiddler.
20/20
5.0
1080691200
B0006ERZRQ
I don't want to repeat the accolades and explanations others have made. Suffice to say, this is a hard book to categorize. It's unusual and combines several genres. Some people might dismiss it as too &quot;out there,&quot; but if they're patient they'll be rewarded with a wonderful and unique book full of idealism and mythology.What makes this book especially intriguing, and perhaps will even help explain some of the content, is Wharton's (not his real name) own life.&quot;A Midnight Clear,&quot; another book written by Wharton which was also made into an excellent movie, tells the story of an intelligence unit during WW II which &quot;illegally&quot; creates a truce with a nearby German unit. Further research shows that a large portion of &quot;Midnight&quot; is autobiographical. Wharton himself was in an intelligence unit, was disfigured somewhat, and was also classified as a genius by the military. Parts of this history are also shown in &quot;Franky Furbo.&quot;Wharton's own beliefs were clearly shown when he left the US to live in France. Apparently, this was due in part to his disillusionment with the United States for its various actions and policies.There's simply not enough space to get into all the details of Wharton's life. I recommend anyone who reads the book to do further research. It certainly helps explain &quot;Franky Furbo&quot; because Wharton shares a lot of Franky's beliefs and experiences. It just makes the story that much more mystical and interesting.A must read for anyone who thinks different or has listened to Lennon's &quot;Imagine&quot; and agreed that we need to get beyond our nationalism and other oppressive beliefs.
7/7
5.0
1021766400
B0002CYTXK
Make 'N' Break is a good game for children and adults. However, it feels more like an activity than what is traditionally viewed as a game. That's not a bad thing - not at all. It's just that it's not really a game where players will say "let's play that again!" There isn't any strategy. It's all about being able to build the blocks in the pattern shown on the cards as fast as you can. It's fun for about about 30 minutes and then you'll want to move on to something else.The timer and the focus on trying to finish as many cards as possible is where it's at for the adults. Others have commented about wishing there were harder cards. Not sure how that would work with just simple blocks. There's already an "extreme" version of this game that probably fits that bill. And speaking of other versions, there's a junior version of this game that I suspect is really intended to be played between only kids. Kids can play this regular version just fine. The issue is more for the adults - there's not a ton of meat here for the adults to chew on so definitely go with this version if you have both adults and kids playing.The one really great thing about this game is the ability to make it harder for the better or older players and easier for the younger ones. You can divide up the cards to make it so that some people get the harder cards or the easier cards. That's the sign of a great family game since it can even the playing field without forcing adults to purposely lose.I give the game 4 stars for all these reasons. It's not even close to a personal favorite, but I can definitely see its value as a family game/activity.
0/0
4.0
1349827200
B000I5NG80
I bought this case specifically because I wanted something that would protect my 8700 at all times. Quite honestly, I have yet to see any other case that compares with this one in terms of protection.I've used soft cases before - on my Nokia cell phone - and found them to be mediocre at best. Corners are left exposed and if you drop your phone from a height of more than two feet you've likely scratched or damaged your phone. Many of the other hard cases for Blackberry tend to be the slip in and out kind. You take the phone out and it's not protected. Problem is, when you go to make that call or send that message that's exactly the time you might drop your phone. If that ever happens to you, this is the case you'll want for your Blackberry.Perhaps the biggest misconception about this case is the description of "aluminum" and "metal." Buyers will think hard, and heavy with sharp edges. Not so at all. This is lightweight aircraft aluminum that feels almost like plastic. There are no sharp edges. Inside there's a thin layer of dense foam-like material that separates the Blackberry from the metal. The screen is protectived by a thin form of plexiglass. Unfortunately, this glass needs a screen protector as it does get scratched. The keyboard space is open which seems the only choice given how dense the keypad is and how difficult it would be to use it with any kind of protective plastic cover.I only have a couple of small complaints. One, I wish the clasp on the left side was more secure. I have dropped my phone once already and the case did flip open because of this. Two, I wish there was more protection on the top side. Also, to a lesser degree, I wish there was more open space on the right side so that it was easier to access the scroll wheel.The case comes with a belt clip. You can also just use the case by itself without the clip attachment and slip it into a soft case or your pocket.Overall, while it's a bit pricey for a small case, it's worth the extra money over the typical soft models that offer only the appearance of protection for your expensive Blackberry.
4/4
4.0
1158537600
B0006CDVRG
Otto Bettmann's &quot;The Good Old Days - They Were Terrible!&quot; is really kick to the head in terms of establishing reality with folks who think everything was so much better and more simple in the &quot;good old days.&quot;Filled with interesting graphics and drawings, this book covers all the bases from food safety to crime to public education. Barely a sacred cow is left untouched.I've owned this book for more than ten years and it never fails to catch my interest when I pick it up again. I've also shown it to many of my friends and even given it as a gift.As for this notion of &quot;anti-US,&quot; this seems a bit simplistic. The author's intention seems pretty clear - to establish 19th century America as a pretty dangerous place to live. There are few, if any, comparisons to Europe. It's not intended to be a book about how &quot;bad the US is compared to country X.&quot; No, this is about just telling it like it is (or rather, was). Being honest about our past does us no harm. Indeed, it allows us to be become even better in the future. It's called learning from your mistakes. And Bettman's book is an excellent place to start learning.
77/80
5.0
1081296000
B0009EVYVQ
For some reason they don't list all the phones that this headset fits. The MX510-N3 specifically works on the Nokia 6101 (T-Mobile) and 6102 (Cingular). If you're wondering if your phone will work with this model just visit the Plantronics web site where they show exactly which headsets fit which phones.I've used the MX510 for a few weeks and found that it functions perfectly. The volume control is excellent - have been able to hear people with highway background noise. The answer button, at least on the Nokia 6101, plays double duty as a channel changer when you're listening to the FM radio. This is a great extra to have if you use the radio.When I first purchased the Nokia I didn't realize that they used proprietary accessories. (Had I known I certainly wouldn't have chosen a Nokia.) I quickly discovered that this made it difficult to find the accessories I wanted. Specifically, I was looking for a headset with a mic that came closer to my mouth. This model is about the only one I could find that came close.This headset is a bit peculiar and people might be skeptical of its design, but it does indeed work. The big drawback, however, is that this does not lend itself to comfort. Whereas in the past I could have an over the head style headset on for hours without discomfort, the MX510 I can only use for about a half hour before it begins to hurt a bit.Lastly, this model, despite its features, is severely over priced. This is probably due to the proprietary nature of working with Nokia phones. If this were a standard 2.5mm jack headset, this model, like most standard headsets, would definitely sell for less.
8/8
4.0
1138320000
B00008J639
For a 2 megapixel camera the Coolpix 2100 is about the best you can get for the money. It doesn't have all the features of some cameras in this price range, mind you, but it does what it does quite well.I've been taking photos, I suppose you could say "semi-professionally," for more than 20 years. I still prefer my mid-end 35mm Nikon SLR, but I had a need for a moderately fast digital camera to use for posting to web sites and to email friends. Generally speaking, you don't need too many megapixels for this kind of use. And for this purpose, the 2100 is just about perfect. It takes very good close ups (perfect for auctions) and the exposures are generally pretty good.What it does not do well: Very limited manual controls (is that even needed in this price/megapixel range?), not too good at red eye reduction, and its movie mode is a total waste given that there's no sound.I looked at several other cameras in this price range and I decided on the Nikon because of how it felt, how it functioned, and the quality behind the product. The Canon A60 is functionally a far better camera with a great movie mode with sound. However, having tested it personally, I found it to be far more complicated than it needed to be. It also just didn't feel right in my hands. You put these two cameras hand in hand and you'll see the difference. The Nikon is just made to be held. I don't know what the Canon folks were thinking: It feels like a block with a raised hand grip. Also, the Canon just didn't feel well made. The limited research I did with the sales clerk and a search on the Internet indicated that Canon has some quality issues with the A60.If you can spend more money on a camera and/or you're looking for something you can use for enlargements then you'll want to look elsewhere. Nikon, Olympus, Sony and others have better cameras for less than one hundred dollars more. But if you're looking for a relatively inexpensive camera to use on the Internet this will do you just fine.
22/22
5.0
1070841600
0312311486
It's obvious that there are men who behave in a stereotypical way. Hog the remote, can't see that the house needs to be cleaned, better at physical activities with their children and not so good at emotional needs. OK, they exist. The problem is, they're NOT all men.Mr. Gurian's fault isn't that he fails to offer good advice to some. It's that he's trying offer advice to all using a biological argument. It's right there in the title - not "some," not "many," no qualifier at all, just "How a Man's Mind Really Works." Pretty arrogant actually - and marginalizing to those who clearly don't fit the author's stereotypes.As a man, I found myself defying most of Gurian's stereotypes, even when compared to the women in my life. Funny thing that . . . my girlfriend can be a slob at times. She had servants as a child. Hmm, could it be that she was affected by her environment? I cry at movies that my girlfriend has no reaction to. I grew up with an emotional father who worked as a social worker. Again, wouldn't it make sense that my environment helped form who I was?There has been a backlash against feminist and egalitarian theories about the sexes being alike. While the extremes went too far (men and women are clearly not identical), the backlash is just as severe and just as misguided.Mr. Gurian's book contributes nothing when it comes to understanding the full scope of men's behavior and emotional development. But then again, if you have one of those traditional men in your life, by all means, read this book. You'll probably find something useful here. Just don't use this book as proof that all men are alike.
14/18
2.0
1160870400
B000063CWR
The Olympus IS series cameras have always had an identity crisis. At first they were called "ZLRs" or "Zoom Lens Reflex." They have the internal making of an SLR (a mirror mechanism that shows you exactly what the lens is seeing), but lack the versatility of being able to change the lens.I've owned or given as gifts a number of Olympus cameras - the OM10, the IS-2, the IS-10 and now the IS-50. To this day the IS-2 remains one of my favorite cameras, especially with its unbelievable macro ability that rivals cameras/lenses costing hundreds more.The IS-50 is a good camera. It takes great photos, its exposure system is excellent, it's light weight, has a powerful flash, and its automated features will be a boon to novice users. However, there are still better choices available.I bought the IS-50 for a young nephew who wanted something easy to use and to shoot sports. The IS-50 delivers on the first, fails completely on the second. This camera does not have a continuous advance and focus sports mode. You press the shutter release, take a shot, and then have to repeat.As a semi-pro user I found the flash warning system on the IS-50 to be especially annoying. The average person can easily take a photo in low light situations with a shutter speed of 1/60th of a second. People with super steady hands can even go as low as 1/15th. Experienced photographers know that you want to use natural light as much as possible because the flash creates shadows and harsh skin tones. The IS-50, however, starts warning users to use a flash at around 1/100th of a second! This makes no sense.Normally this wouldn't be such a big deal for a point and shoot. However, camera prices, especially on 35mm models, are falling and users are expecting some bang for their buck. For the same price of an IS-50 you can buy a used Nikon N50 or N65 - both of which offer versatility, ease of use and exapandability. Earlier IS models such as the IS-1, 2 and 3 all offered much of these features. Why not the IS-50? At the very least, the price should be lower given the value and low cost of novice SLR models such as the Nikon models or the Canon Rebel.Even with all these criticisms, the IS-50 is still an OK choice for novice users. If you want simplicity and good 35mm photos this is one camera to look at. Just be aware that for the same price or a little bit more you can get a camera that's a lot better.
28/29
3.0
1118275200
B000OVBVF8
I also purchased this projector during the Black Friday sale and found it to be a great bargain at $550. However, this wasn't the model I originally intended to buy that day and, despite being greatly pleased with the value, buyers in general should keep some things in mind.I was originally going to buy an Epson projector which are known for strong reliability and bright images. I couldn't find one at a reasonable price so I ended up with the Optoma DV11 - but only because of the price drop.There are three major technical specs when it comes to projectors: Brightness, contrast, and resolution. The DV11 has OK brightness (about 1300 lumens) and contrast (2000:1), but its resolution is basically SVGA (480). I've tried the projector in three completely different settings and with different DVDs and found that it does great in a dark room and performs best with already bright images. However, it does rather poorly with dark images.For example, the middle of the day football shots in "Invincible" looked superb, but the dark images of "Battle Star Galactica" were rather poor. The blacks and greys were muddled and you could see pixels in many shots. "The West Wing," which is slightly brighter, had some of these problems as well but at a much lower level. On the opposite side, "The Incredibles" looked, well, incredible. That's to be expected, however, since just about any current projector should be able to handle animation.There's also the issue of DLP (like the Optoma) versus LCD (like the Epson) technology which I didn't concern myself with at the time of purchase. If you think this is important (and there are differences) research the terms and see what experts have to say about what's best for what.Despite these criticisms, the DV11 has some major selling points. The contrast on this model is higher than all the introductory Epson models which hover in the 1:400 to 1:500 range. Those are really bad numbers on the Epson side. However, those projectors have brightness levels in the 2000 lumens range which means you won't need as much darkness while playing games or movies. And as for resolution, all the projectors in the below $600 range are at SVGA.The big selling point with the DV11 is the built in DVD player and adequate speakers. I didn't think this was a necessity until I used the projector in three locations over two days. Having an all-in-one is extremely important if you plan on using the projector in more than place.As of this writing the DV11 is going for about $800 on most sites. That's just too high in my opinion. If you're going to spend that kind of money then you might as well throw in a few more hundred and get a projector with more brightness and XGA resolution. This is especially true if you don't need a built in DVD player and plan on just using the projector in one location. But at under $600, this projector is steal by 2007 standards. I'm definitely pleased with the purchase. Just do your research and know what you need and want before buying.Edit: As of this writing the Optoma HD70, with 4000:1 contrast (twice that of the DV11, and HD XGA resolution, is going for $800 after rebate. It doesn't have a built in DVD player, but it's a far superior projector. Still no regrets on buying the DV11, but if I had had $800 to spend, I would have chosen the HD70.
27/27
4.0
1196035200
0028610938
I believe you need more than one resume book these days in order to get a feel for the various styles available to you. With that in mind, the "The Complete Idiot's Guide to the Perfect Resume" is an interesting and valuable asset.I have usually relied on "The Damn Good Resume Guide" in various editions and had pretty good luck. Still, the Idiot's Guide had some styles that I hadn't really seen before. For example, they have resumes for individuals with specialty degrees and experience and for those who have been high achievers in their field.Two big caveats, however.The Idiot's Guide doesn't seem to be organized in a logical way. It feels like it jumps around from topic to topic instead of just concentrating on illustrating various resume styles and approaches. Perhaps that's just the Idiot Guide format and they're just trying to present as much as possible about how to write a resume. In any case, experienced resume writers will likely find this frustrating if they're mostly just looking for fresh ideas.The second issue I have with this guide is the cover letters section. Here's one example they give for a first paragraph: "Do you believe in fate? I didn't until I opened the Sheridan Bee this morning and saw your ad for Job Placement Officer. It sounded like the job I've been searching for."Maybe this is just personal style issue, but I've been on the hiring end myself and read a few cover letters. If I saw a letter with that paragraph I'd probably question the job candidate's professionalism. It just comes off as overly eager with a touch of inexperience. Granted, this is just one letter in the book. Still, I found the cover letter section to be one of the weakest chapters and not all that helpful.The Idiot's Guide would probably help a lot of people in creating a better resume. I recommend it as an addition to one's collection of books on the topic. However, I would not recommend it to anyone as a sole primary source of information.
4/5
4.0
1119830400
B00004SYNX
I have a G4 tower Mac that did have a built in Ethernet. Unfortunately, a lightening strike took out the port and I was forced to get a PCI card to replace the port. The first card I bought was the D-Link DFE-530TX+. I was excited because the box clearly said that the card would work with Macs and that the "minimum requirement" was OS 10.2.They lied. OS 10.2 is the _maximum_ for this card. For most people, it won't work with 10.3 and up. D-Link has no driver for 10.3 or higher, only 10.2. A google search shows that some people have been able to get the card to work with 10.3. I couldn't. I tried several different drivers (some users recommended a driver from Realtek) and none worked.It's my guess (and totally a guess) that this card is really only for older Macs that are limited to 10.2. D-Link doesn't seem to have any intention of supporting modern Macs.This is the second D-Link product I've used (the first was a cable modem) and I've been disappointed both times. I can't speak for Windows users, but this company doesn't deserve Mac business.
3/8
1.0
1152748800
B0009VE272
I've used Uniden cordless phones for years and years and have always been satisfied for the most part. I've used cordless phones at other people's homes which were made by other companies and they really didn't measure up, especially on the cheaper models.I bought the EXAI5580 to replace both an older Uniden cordless and a fairly new answering machine that was completely inadequate because I couldn't skip through messages and couldn't change the maximum record time.The 5580 does everything I need and more. The clarity is superb and better than my older Uniden phone. It's even removed excessive static on some calls - it sounds better than the corded phone! The answering machine records up to 4 minutes on a single call. (Anyone with a mother needs this feature.) You can even record up to ten minutes of a phone conversation, a feature I didn't even know the phone had until I read the instructions.Just note that the phone itself is not digital (which would apparently make it more secure), but the answering machine is. For a completely digital phone you'll have to pay more. Still, for the price, this is probably the best cordless phone with an answering machine you can buy. This is easily one of the best cordless phones I've used in years - great features and a clarity I haven't experienced in years.
84/84
5.0
1133395200
1583224793
Blake's Therapy raises a lot of issues and, in my opinion, leaves a lot of questions unanswered. But it many ways that's OK. At the very least, it will make you think.I'm giving the book four stars instead of five because I really think the book should have been longer. Dorfman has paced the book quite fast . . . you zip along from one surprise to another. But I would have liked to have had more. I want to know more about the background of the characters, particularly those who act out Blake's whims. I wanted to know more about the company that was giving Blake the &quot;therapy.&quot; These are just two examples.Dorfman offers us many intriguing mysteries, but then doesn't give us the answers.Despite these criticisms, it's a very good book. Those claiming that Dorfman doesn't understand CEOs are missing the point. Blake, given his interests and the company he created, resembles the kind of person you might find working at Patagonia, Ben &amp; Jerry's, The Body Shop, or Working Assets -- companies that are dually committed to both a profit and progressive political ideals. Blake is believable in that role.But even then, in the broader sense, if Dorfman isn't offering us a realistic CEO, one has to wonder how morally ambivalent a real CEO would be before they would care about their employees. If Dorfman is offering us an unrealistic vision -- a CEO who cares &quot;too much&quot; perhaps? -- then it makes for a damming commentary, not on Dorfman's work, but on the world we live in. Because overall, Blake is a good guy. He wants to make a profit like the rest of us, but he doesn't want to destroy the planet in the process and he wants to help people at the same time. He feels guilt when he fails at doing these things. One only has to look at Enron to realize that many CEOs aren't like that.
3/3
4.0
1017532800
B000HMNIAA
I heard Rick Carson on NPR some time ago and was impressed with that he had to say. I had never heard of his book until then and I immediately wrote down the title so that I could buy it at a later date.Now that I've read the book I'm trying to figure out why what I heard him say is so different than what I'm reading.My problem with this book started right at the beginning with his &quot;trademarked&quot; Gremlin-Training Method (all caps, just as he does in the book). This seemed contrived to me, absolutely false. It was like reading a book talk about the author's patented passive solar windows as their own trademarked &quot;Sun Energy Capture Device.&quot; In other words, like an infomercial. This intial reaction was confirmed as I continued to read. The tactics and topics Carson raises are extremely simplistic. Practical perhaps, but hardly worthy of a &quot;trademark.&quot;The other problem I had with the book is that Carson uses his metaphor to excess. This is a danger he should have been aware of. A Gremlin is a workable metaphor for most people as long as you make it abstract. That is, that voice in your head which puts you down. As soon as you start describing its supposed physical nature (the minister, the coach, the monster, etc.) the metaphor starts losing its audience. Not everyone wants or needs to describe that nasty voice in such terms.I wished Carson had backed off the metaphor somewhat, backed off from from the hard sell on his &quot;trademarked&quot; method, and just gave an in-depth analysis of people's internal negative voices, where they come from, how to control them, etc. I don't want to read something that makes me feel like I'm buying a used car or the next TV control clapper.This book, based on many previous glowing reviews, works for many people. No doubt that is true. Criticizing this book is rather subjective - if it works for you, it works, if it doesn't, it doesn't. You can't debate it. My recommendation is to really look at the text before buying and THEN decide if you want to purchase. You might find that you like it, or you might not.
232/266
3.0
1086739200
