B. Lynch "the_onewhoknows"
B000026X2G
This CD features Utopia at about their best. While the band had put out several great pop/rock albums, none of them captured the energy of the live performances like this one does.Like many other great live concert recordsings made in Japan (Beck, Boaert &amp; Appice (LIVE); Santana (LOTUS); Chicago (LIVE IN TOKYO), and Miles Davis (AGARTHA, PANGAEA) all come to mind), this one sounds as clean as a studio recording (the Japanese, it appears, prefer to mike a live performance from the stage, rather than the middle of the audience). While there is some crowd noise, it is minimal and doesn't interfere with the songs--unlike so many American live CD's, where the crowd noise is as intrusive as a TV laugh track.The live in Japan '92 CD that was eventually released in the US is somewhat rusty compared to this one. What is really astonishing is how Utopia re-produced their high-tech sound live in concert (apparently it was not all overdubbing and other studio tricks--they actually had the talent).My only criticism here is that the only selctions from &quot;Adventures In Utopia&quot; are 'Last of the New Wave Riders', and &quot;Shot in The Dark&quot;. While &quot;New Wave Riders&quot; is a song that outdid Van Halen at their own game, and &quot;Shot&quot; sounds very New-wavish here, it is simply not enough for the hard core Utopia fan.Still there are enough other great songs here to keep listeners and fand interested, and coming back for more.The songs from &quot;Oops, Wrong Planet!&quot; are just steller: the energy level and the quality of the recording make them more enjoyable than the studio versions. 'Love In Action' and 'Trapped' open the performance and Utopia plays to kill here: US fans will really wonder why they have been denied this aural treat for so long.The segment where Todd Rundgren takes center stage and does his own songs is a bit long, but here agin, the recording quality is so good that these come across as higher-energy remakes of teh original studio recordings. &quot;Black Maria&quot;, Todd's Jimi Hendrix &quot;tribute&quot; sounds far better here than it did on Something/Anything, and 'Couldn't I just tell you somes off as a powerful rock plea; somewhere between Clapton's 'Layla' and the early Beatles for musical intensity.Many of the Rundgren solo pieces are stripped of the audio-sweetening tracks here, and, while they lack the pop-polish of the studio versions, tehy actually sound better to this rock fan's ears, since they aren't weighed down with un-needed extras. &quot;Can We Still Be Friends&quot; and &quot;A Dream Goes On Forever&quot; sound more 'genuine'; not schmaltzy. Utopia's backing instrumentals are sparser, but more powerful than the studio playing. I guess if you only have 4 guys, you have to select the 4 really critical tracks from the 24 you laid down in the studio...they chose well. The Outstanding cuts (worth the rather high price of this CD) are Love of The Common Man (much more dynamic and full than the thin, flat studio version on 'faithful'); Love in Action--a great version of a really great song; Last of the New Wave Riders; Black Mariah; Coudn't I jsut Tell You?; and Hello, It's Me.One more thing: This CD establishes that if nothing else, TOdd Rundgren can really sing. Unlike many bands whose lead singers can't hit high notes or maintain difficult phrasing when singing live, Rundgren's voice sounds as resonant here as he does on the studio LP's.Utopia was one of the great bands Americans never knew -- too bad, as this CD is a real gem for any pop/rock fan.
14/14
5.0
960768000
141591673X
I picked this book up, started reading, and found it almost impossible to put down. When reading it to kids -- forget it. They'll never let you stop (until you get to the end).All of the foreshadowing in "Episode II: Attack of the Clones" is resolved in "Episode III: Revenge of The Sith". Those who suspected the worst about 'Chancellor Palpatine' will not be disappointed. The intrigues and treachery that run through and around the narrative guarantee a great reading experience.This is, however, the story of Anakin Skywalker. In this novel, he is a classic hero -- but in a tragic sense. The Jedi training taught him to tap into great powers, but he could not use it to overcome his personal flaws. His trust is exploited and betrayed by those whom he admires, and this shakes his confidence.When he what he truly values above all else is lost to Anakin, it's too much for him. He tosses wisdom and good judgement aside, believing that these have failed him and led to tragedy. Blinded by emotions which he has not mastered, and lacking the discipline of a Jedi master, Anakin steps into the Sith traps that have been carefully laid in his path, and embraces 'The Dark Side' of 'The Force'. In his rashness, he ends any chance to re-create the now-abolished Republic, and all hope of restoring peace. Instead, he ensures the rise of Imperial tyranny.The book is a political allegory, in addtion to being a tale of personal tragedy. The errors of others that lead to Anakin's sense of betrayal, and ultimate destruction of his humanity, are all Faustian bargains where the liberty of a Republic is willingly surrendered for the promise of security. After the exchanges, there are fewer liberties (and less security) for everyone. In the end, liberty and security are gone.The transformation of Anakin Skywalker, from a young human being led by his ideals, to Darth Vader, the cyborg directed by a malevolent Sith lord, mirrors the transformation of a free republic into a tyrannical empire. THe republic, like Skywalker, was guided by ideals. THe Empire, like vader, is directed through fear and the threat of violence.For the details, it's best to read the book.
4/4
4.0
1114560000
B00004CMWI
In this highly stylized vision of Los Angeles some tie in teh early 21st century, Harrison Ford plays a 'cop' hired to track down androids who have returned to earth, seeking some way to make themselves immortal.The movie pace is angonizingly slow, and the characters (human &amp; android) are cold, almost dehumanized. LA is too sunny, too dry, and too laid back to ever be convincing as a rain-drenched, dark, brooding city run by brilliant, super-educated, highly focused, corporate/academic types.Still, there is a lot for the Sci-Fi fan to like here. First, in The Director's Cut, the art direction is just astounding; the mood, feel, and look of future LA (more like future Singapore, or possibly New York, I suspect) meshes with the mood of the story perfectly. And the techie in me loved the gadgets and technologies portraryed in the film. As the 21st Centruy approaches, the fantastic technologies shown are becomeing more plausible and in some cases, actually look like they'll be realized in a few decades.The visual effects here were done by Douglas Trumbull, who collaborated with Stanley Kubrick for the visual effects that wowed audiences in 2001: A Space Odyssey. While the story is more straightforward than that in 2001, the visual effects still make for a convincing and realistic portrayal of a likely future age.This is not a film that will ever have broad appeal; it's too dark, too much atmosphere, too cerebral. However, it is one of those films that the hard core Sci-Fi lovers (the ones who liked &lt;I&gt;2001&lt;/I&gt;, &lt;I&gt;Alien&lt;/I&gt;, and other 'brainy flicks') will not be able to keep out of their collections, or off their DVD players. There is some disagreement about which is the better version of this movie, but personally, I preferred the Director's Cut; it sustains mood and ambiance better, and the ending is more intriguing--leaving open the possibility that the [presumably human] detective played by Harrison Ford is also a replicant. In a sense, that amibguity enhances and adds to the tension in this film--since there is a lot else that remains ambiguous to a viewer (probably one reason why fans enjoy watching this many times).What keeps this from getting a 5-star rating is the crude technical job done in remastering (particularly the audio). It needs to be re-done in Dolby-Digital 5.1 &quot;Surround Sound&quot;.
10/19
4.0
967593600
B000021YPT
This remasterd version, which includes the "Flag Of Hate" EP material and cover-art, is the best monetary value. It also sounds a lot better than the earlier CD editions. Until this came out, you needed to have a good turntable to play the LP edition in order to really get the full pounding bass notes.Kreator plays music for the dying cultures of Europe. The white nationhood which defined and advanced "civilization" in any and all meaningful senses of that term, are rapidly disapppearing from Europe. Consequently, the young generation have decided that they see no future, and therefore they embrace death metal (along with drug abuse, homosexuality, abortion, socialism and other destructive or genocidal ideas).So, Kreator are a huge act in Europe. But the United States is a vibrant, growing country, where people are generally optimistic about the future. Kreator has never fit (in the USA), so they've remained a marginal AMerican act. Despite their lyrics, they remain one of the most interesting metal bands to come along. Their music seems simple, with heavy power chords and simole progressions, but that same criticism could also be levelled at much of Beethoven's output too. It's not the structure of the notes, it's the execution (playing the notes) that matters. This is the album where KREATOR first 'hit their stride' as a band, delivering (almost) the full force of their live performances.The title cut is well done, but the real standouts are "Death is your Savour", "Riot of Violence", and "Command of the Blade."Unlike a lot of metal bands, who just sound weary after years of albums and touring, KREATOR seem to have maintained their level of intensity. Recent releases, 'Violent Revolution', and 'Enemy of God' sound ever heavier, louder, faster, and more furious (and topping this album was no easy feat). Beyond the sound and energy level on 'Pleasure to Kill', this album remains a bit of a landmark in Rock history. Its initial release marked the rise of black, death, and thrash metal from the underground to a major genre in Europe. But success in America still remains elusive.
0/4
5.0
1105315200
B000JLSWXW
Killer melodies, Drop-dead guitar riffs, power chords (worthy of the name), and decent lyrics: no wonder this CD sold by the truckload.This is not just Def Leppard's best, it's about the best of the heavy-metal CD's that were all the rage during the 1980's.At over 60 minutes in length, it was long by 1980's standards, but right in line with contemporary CD's. Unlike the modern acts, though, this one is not a hit or 2 with 50+ minutes of filler attached. This is a collection of rock anthems and killer songs that just happened to all get packaged together.Most bands would be lucky to have this many great riffs and tunes on a greatest hits collection. Fortunately, Def Leppard has other CD's (Pyromania, High and Dry, for starters) that are almost equqlly as good. So, if you like this one, there's more where is came from.I suppose in this eara of 'boy bands', that some people might mistakenly believe Def Leppard was the &quot;N'Sync&quot; of the 1980's. Not really: one good power chord from Def Leppard and the 'boy bands' of 2000 would probably be blown off the stage --literally. ROck music is supposed to be powerful, not prissy. This is a CD from a &quot;boy band&quot; that showed fans how real men play music.
0/1
5.0
960768000
B00005A0IM
After a very disappointing set last year on T-3, it was with some hesitation that I checked out T-4. Was the series finished, ans many had claimed, or was it about to undergo a huge rivival? Should I get T-4, I wondered?Glad I did. Two full CD's of great funk, techno &amp; house, blended so well it slides by like something one might expect to hear in MATRIX-II.I guess that after last year's huge flop, the people responsible for the TrancePort series wanted to make sure tahy had a hit like paul Oakenfold's &amp; Dave Ralph's earlier efforts. THey succeeded.A great selection of songs (Mixing TIMO MAAS's &quot;No Trance&quot; segues beautifully into AYUMI HAMASAKI's &quot;Vogue&quot;) and a great sequence keeps an edgy groove feel all the way through Disc #1.While this is not the cutting edge &quot;Isaac Asimov meets Michael Crichton&quot; sound of John Digweed's last two Global Underground sets (monster hits with the XY-BOYS from Boston to Singapore), it is a progressive set nonetheless. The progression is a refinement of the Ibiza/Punto Del Este sound that's taken Europe and Latin America by storm. Very upbeat, but never silly; very intense bun never overpowering.As if to underscore a point (that theis is intended to be a great selelr in addition to being one of theose &quot;critically acclaimed&quot; (but never bought by fans) CD's, tunes from HYBRID and UNDERWORLD are in the mix here as well.Max Graham may be about to emerge and take his place at the top of the global club scene. With live music all but dead due to the unfavoable economics of the music industry, this CD is about the future. If this is the future, then it's a good time to be alive.Dance, listen, party, listen... highly recommended CD.
1/2
5.0
993168000
B000067GAX
Power: It's the ultimate aphrodisiac, Henry Kissinger once quipped. Mao Tse Tung agreed, joking that it explained why Mr. Kissinger was able to attract such nubile women.Some time in the early 21st century, the US faces a crisis and chalenge to its position as leader of the community of nations as the modern Chinese and old Russian communists unite to remake the world order in the image of Marx, Lenin, and other communist leaders.This is far better than recent Tom Clancy material. It is a complex and multithreaded spy novel that's worth of at least 2 (possibly 3) Hollywood feature films.Unlike many spy novels, this one is firmly rooted in modern geo-political realities, and in the contermporary methods of espionage.Perhaps the only character who is 'miscast' in this novel is POTUS Jack Ryan. Clearly he is the opposite of Bill Clinton: a patriot who loves his country, and who sees the Chinese communists as competitors for world leadershipo--not a source of ready cash for re-election; and sees their political &amp; economic system as a threat to American prosperity--not something to be fueled by giving away nuclear secrets.President Jack Ryan is not the mushy liberal of TV's &quot;The West Wing&quot;, who loves Washington DC and thinks that more government programs will solve all of the nation's problems. He's a reluctant realist, who understands that the government is as much a problem as a solution to most problems, and that the job of the president is not to be the nation's feel-good guy; it's to uphold the Constitution, protect and defend the borders, and make sure that (as the CEO) his subordinates understand that they must serve the interests of the nation, not themselves.Will George W. Bush rise to meet the challenges that maight be posed during his term in office? Time will tell; one hopes for the best but fears for the worst.The action is well paced, the characters are engaging. The bok is a great read. In between the main plots, Clancy's characters put in observations, comments and asides that enhance, rather than detract, form the novel.Examples: classified CIA documents on Mao's perverse sex life; the petty intrusions of the press on presidential power; the poor quality of Russian pistol silencers [and pistols too for that matter]; lurid details of cutting men's throat with a knife (&quot;they flop around and make noise when you do that&quot;); the sameness of police work in Moscow &amp; New York (contrasted with glaring cultural differnces). I suspect that this is a book conservatives and James Bond fans will love, but which liberals and NRA opponents will hate. Perhaps Mr, Clancy, after releasing several flat novels wherein he attempted to please everyone has decided to go back to the audiences that made him a major selling author: Republicans and other conservatives.
0/4
4.0
973814400
B000067GAX
Power derives from the ability to define. Global Power is the ability to define and geive effect to one's vision of how the world should run.THE BEAR AND THE DRAGON works as a thinly veiled bit of &quot;advice&quot; for incomong president George W. Bush. He needs to clean up the cesspool of domestic corruption created by the Clinton/Gore administration, and he must be prepared to face a renewed external threat posed by the rise of Communist China and the renewed Russian communists.In THE BEAR AND THE DRAGON, The Russian Communists are funded by a global organized crime network, anvd the Chinese were aided enormously by traitors in a prior administation who sold US nuclear and other secrets in exchange for personal favors. Could Tom Clancy be making a statement here about the Clinton Administration? Thhe nearly hysterical reaction of liberals to this book (they almost all hate it intensely) suggests that they certainly see fictinal President &quot;Jack Ryan&quot; as a noble pro-American president who is a complete opposite of their guys, Bill Clinton and Al Gore. Conservatives seem to see it too, since they love th novel and often comment that they hope George W. Bush is like &quot;Jack Ryan&quot;.While 'Jack Ryan' is a man who clearly understands power, he is not one to get drunk on it. His domestic agenda is broadly aimed at devolving power out of Washington, DC, and returning it to the states and the people. 'Jack Ryan' sees government as a necessary evil, which is best at defending the nation from enemied internal and external. The character of president Jack Ryan embodies what people admired in Ronald Reagan and John F. Kennedy.This is far better than any recent Tom Clancy novels. It is a complex and multithreaded spy novel that's worth of at least a few feature films--assuming that anyone in Hollywood is interested in producing movies that don't denigrate American patriotism, or which are not pro-Marxist.Unlike most spy novels, this one is clearly based on modern geo-political realities, and contermporary methods of espionage. In other words, the events in this book are very plausible.Will George W. Bush rise to meet the international and domestic challenges that will almost certainly be presetned during his term in office? He has his work cut out for him as doubts about his leadership ability mount during the challenges to his election victory.In THE BEAR AND THE DRAGON, the action is well paced, the characters are intriguing, and the plots move in parallel. It's a great read.While it is unlikely that George W. Bush will turn to Tom Clancy for advice on matters of foreign or military policy, one hopes that he is smart enough to surround himself with people who understand political as well strategic realities, and that the United States does not lose the ability to define the emerging World Order.
2/13
4.0
974246400
B000002R5B
This is one of those albums that came out in the 1970's, was completely buried by the corporate takeovers of record companies and radio stations, and remained virtually unknown among the general public. But it was listened to by almost anyone and everyone who was an aspiring rock musician -- along with obscure albums by THE VELVET UNDERGROUND, IGGY &amp; THE STOOGES, THE SWEET, and several others.Teenage Head always seemed to be missing somehting in its initial package. The songs seemed a bit too cutious and the band sounded like they were trying to please producers or record company execs. Should we go for a pop sound? A punk sound? A Power pop, or flat out rock sound? It seems that the band can't decide what they want to sound like, and the results fall short of what should-have, could-have, or might-have been possible.Whiskey Woman is still too short -- that bass line and main riff should be stretched to 8 minutes or so. Doctor Boogie is still understated (needs to rock harder). High Flying Baby needed some caffine or other stimulant I think. It's not strong enough for a good opening song.The best music is usually found on albums where a band (or single recording artist) just does what works best for themselves.The added tracks here make the remasterd/extended CD a must buy, even if you already have the LP or earlier CD.THe original 9 songs are still proto-punk thrashers that now sound better than ever. But the CD kicks from high-gear to overdrive from 'Shakin All Over' through 'Carol'.Musically, it's somewhere betwween THE FACES &quot;Snakes and Ladders&quot;, THE DAMNED's debut album. WIth the extra tracks, it sounds a lot like the better material by THE KINKS, or out-takes and alternate-takes of songs by THE WHO, before &quot;Whos Next&quot;.Well worth the purchase price.
3/7
5.0
1087776000
B0001BS4OM
Warren Zevon died the day I bought this CD. It's a rather sorry comment on the music industry that most of &quot;popular radio&quot; and much of the &quot;popular music&quot; press had ignored Warren Zevon for years, and only seems to be interested in this CD BECAUSE he died.But, fortunately, in this case there is a lot of substance to the material, so the interest is unlikely to fade. Perhaps this will cause people to check out Warren Zevon's previous output as well.One thing that has always been a bit frustrating about Warren Zevon's previous output (except for &quot;Excitable Boy&quot; and &quot;Stand In The Fire&quot;) is that the songwriting seemed to be far stronger than the production and performance of the songs. As a result, the recorded music never achieved its full potential for being blockbuster hits. This may not be his strongest writing, but the performances more than make up for any of that. And unlike so many contemporaty CD's, with their heavy use of computer programs to reprocess music to make it &quot;aurally perfect&quot; (cold aural sterility), the tunes here have just enough raw edges and &quot;natural&quot; touches to give them life -- and warmth. The reason is obvious: the level of talent assembled here is high enough so that they did not need computer programs to process their music.It is my contention that the reason sales of recorded music are dropping is not because of fans downloading songs, but because the major companies are putting out junk: they're trying to run a multi-billion dollar industry on really mediocre talent. Instead of going for big talent and strong content, they go for special effects and flashy image-mongering. As a consequence, tehy end up with great fgashion ads, but lousy music. SO, people download it for free -- paying what they think it's really worth.Warren Zevon recorded this CD on a small independent label called ARTEMIS, because the major labels didn't think he would sell very well (In reality, I suspcect they are so clueless that they would not know how to market anything that was intrinsically great, like this CD). Sadly, it took Zevon's death to get a lot of people to listen, but they are buying--because they like what they hear. So, enough kvetching at the music industry: fire a few execs and things should improve.This CD is a collaborative effort betweeen Zevon and just about everyone who is anyone in the music biz. Tom Petty, Bruce Spreingsteen, Emmy Lou Harris, Joe Walsh, Don Henley, Jackson Browne, Tommy Shaw ... check the credits for full details.To sum up:Warren Zevon has gone Knocking On Heaven's Door.Before he left, he invited friends over to create some Disorder In The House, and Party 'til the End Of The Night, reminiscing about Dirty Life &amp; Times. A good time was had by all, and the fun really comes out in the music -- even the somber and reflective ones.Warren Zevon said he died a happy man, with no regrets. An Excitable Boy (party animal and gonzo rock star) for many years, he settled down to lead A Quiet, Normal Life. He said, &quot;I'll Sleep When I'm Dead&quot;, and raised a family. I'm sad that he is gone, but grateful for what he created and left behind. In the end, he left &quot;The Wind&quot;, a CD of substance that will play for years in the cars and homes of fans.
10/11
5.0
1063324800
B00005MMIV
After &quot;When I Look In Your Eyes&quot;, expectations for a follow up ran extremeley high. With its sultry bossa nova rythms, cool down-beat jazz sensibilities (the sort that would fit as easily into a James Bond film as it would fit at Carnegie Hall), &quot;When I Look..&quot; stands as a masterpiece of contemporary music.So, when I learned that Diana Krall would be releasing her follow up CD in Singapore (with an invitation-only party at the famous Raffles Hotel on September 10, 2001), that only heightened the anticipation. While Singaporeans do not consider themselves &quot;exotic&quot;, Singapore is rich with history -- ocean piracy, wars and conquest, commerce and trade, and [most recently] information &amp; bio technology, to cite a few highlights. So in terms of melodrama, there was an aura of exotia surrounding this release. The song list on &quot;Look Of Love&quot; also promised a lot, and the release party concert performance was excellent (Singapore's main TV station was kind enough to broadcast it a month later).But the &quot;Look Of Love&quot; CD itself is a dud.The jazz is buried under languid over orchestration that makes cool jazz sound like bad classical music. THis isn't &quot;torch singing&quot;, it tortured (or perhaps tortuous) singing.While many songs start out with 20-30 seconds of strings, it often seems like several minutes. &quot;S'Wonderful&quot; and &quot;Cry Me a River&quot; start out promising (no strings), but are quickly demolished by the over-orchestration.So, it is with some regret that I have to recommend that fans of jazz skip this CD and wait for future releases. Diana Krall needs to find a producer who understands what makes great jazz, and fire this one -- who thinks jazz needs to be murdered with mushy string overlays in order to make it &quot;commercial&quot;. I'm not sure how much control Diana Krall has over her releases, but the mushy overlays of sweetening tracks is done so badly that I found myself questioning the technical, in addition to the aesthetic, competency of the producers &amp; engineers.THere is reason for optimism here. The song selection is strong, and underneath the layers and layers of sweetening tracks and all the faux-classical mush laid on top, the core jazz band still sounds solid. And then of course, there are Diana Krall's vocals, good as ever.If this CD is &quot;the Look of Love&quot;, then it's clear Love can be painful.
21/29
2.0
1014336000
B00067RF46
Not bad for a first effort. But wait, this is not exactly a 'debut' album for any of the band members. It's just that they're 'all together again', for the first time.Velvet Revolver's CONTRABAND is a bunch of top-flight rock instrumentals, fronted by a mediocre lead singer, applied to above average rock-songs. So, it's a lot more like THE STONE TEMPLE PILOTS (less than you had hoped for) than GUNS 'N ROSES (much better than you ever expected). It's the usual songs about hot chicks, angst, cars, money, sex, drugs, gangs, and all that. So, perhaps it's not going to please the critics much -- but most critics have lacked credibility ever since the 1970's (twhen they said that KISS, LED ZEPPELIN, and BALCK SABBATH would never make it).Since GNR is probably never going to 'get back together', and there is no interest in a reconstituted STP, Velvet Revolver is a great alternative -- and they might be around for a while.Still, with all of the stale middle-of-the-road material that's being released, "Contraband" is like a breath of fresh air. The song "slither" is about the best song on most radio for summer 2004. If you have a cool rock station in your market, they probably also play "Do It For the Kids" and "Set Me Free" (which sound a lot like NIRVANA or other 'grunge' bands).Like all great heavy rock bands, Velvet Revolver is much better live than on CD. The instrumental power overwhelms the lack of vocal strength in concert. THe overall effect is (trite adjective: awesome).Velvet Revolver could have been more, if the times were less conservative. Retailers like Best Buy, Target, & Walmart would not sell anything with an "indecent" cover, so that was toned down big time. Too bad -- but then, GUNS 'N ROSES had to do that with "Appetite For Destruction", remember?
2/6
4.0
1087257600
B008XX3QW0
I am surprised at how many people seem to take this movie at literal, face value. Even in the reviews here, some people seem to critique it as if it were a documentary.The S-F/X are a bit dated, but still effective in the context of the movie. Conspiracy throries run amok in this movie: aliens are taking over the world, and everything that is wrong (a bad economy, wars, etc.) results from a vast global alien conspiracy -- aided by business and political leaders.Subliminal messages, a good "rock-em sock-em" street fight, blind visionaries, teleportation wrist-devices, and several events drawn from real life (back in 1988), were addded to the mix, almost making the movie seem credible."THEY LIVE" is princpally based on Ray Nelson's 1963 short story 'Eight O'Clock In The Morning'. But it is also derived from 'Behold, Eck!', a 1964 episode of the TV series 'The Outer Limits', in which an optician finds he can see invisible beings when he wears special glasses. That TV sci-fi episode gave credit to Edwin Abbott's classic proto-SciFi novel, "Flatland: A Romance Of Many Dimensions", written in (1884).NOTE: "Flatland" dealt with perception of other worlds through dimensional transformations. Its mathematical themes make it too advanced for most Sci-Fi readers, although it's a sort of entry ticket to all the cool fraternities in Engineering colleges or universities.Finally, "They Live" lifts themes from the work of genre author Philip K. Dick, whose protagonists are ordinary working class heroes. "They Live" has a more authentically Dickian scenario than Paul Verhoeven's 1990 Shwarzenegger action-film, "Total Recall", which was based on Dick's short story "We Can Remember It For You Wholesale."Ray Nelson collaborated with Philip Dick on his debut novel, "The Ganymede Takeover", initially published in 1967. So it's not too surprising that their influence meshes so well here.THEY LIVE is a surprisingly entertaining movie, as good as twisted paranoid sci-fi gets. The broad and deep roots of the story explain its long lasting appeal I think.
6/7
4.0
1113264000
B00006K0AR
I know diana Krall gets her share of record company hype, but in the case of the DVD and CD here, it's actually deserved -- and therefore it really isn't &quot;hype&quot;.&quot;The Look of Love&quot; from 2001, was a bad stumble, and I guess Diana and her cohorts realized it. So they set out to redeem and recapture their stature and reputations. Just for the record, they succeeded -- the recovery is magnificent. I'm not sure if this is the same band with which she toured Asia in 2001 (a stellar performance on May 7, 2001 in Kowloon, Hong Kong SAR --if anyone else reading this caught it, then you know). But the jazz musicianship here is outstanding.The strings and studio-generated mush is gone, and so are the producer efforts to make Diana Krall sound like &quot;[insert top pop-chick's name] for adults&quot;. There are several elements that make this a worthwhile purchase even if you own several Krall studio CD's. In the case of the DVD, there's the added bonus of the visuals, an expanded song selection, and lots of off stage and 'behind the scenes' footage. But as if to make sure that fans buy both, the CD features songs not on the DVD. THe mix is more jazz and less pop than the studio recordings. As a consequence, Diana Krall's piano playing is featured more prominently. Songs that really fell flat on &quot;Look of Love&quot; are also brought to life by the presence of a drummer and vibraharpist (who is curiously not credited--probably due to some matter involving lawyers).This performance is a return to classic form for jazz fans. The arrangements are excellent, the crowd is quiet during the songs -- but clearly thrilled by the performance. But what really makes this memorable is the song selection. That is strong enought here that I think this CD will still be listened to (and selling) decades from now.A few surprises are &quot;Just The Way You Are&quot;, from Billy Joel's mid-1970's album &quot;The Stranger&quot;, and &quot;A Case Of You&quot;, an obscure Joni Mitchell song from &quot;Blue&quot;. The jazz versions actually outdoo the originals in some respects, and suggest that great songs will be Diana Krall's main focus in future releases. That impression is reinforced by her rendition of &quot;Fly Me To The Moon&quot;, originally a hit for Frank Sinatra.While she missed being on the soundtrack to the movie &quot;Space Cowboys&quot;, Krall has had other collaborations with Clint Eastwood. Eastwood (along with Willie Nelson and a few other old warhorses) seems to be looking for cool new talent and apparently Diana Krall fits that mold. So, I think we can all expect some really exceptional releases and movie soundtrack work from Diana and her fellow musicians in the next few years.By refusing to go the pop route and doing what some brain dead VP at a record company wanted, Diana Krall has avoided the fate of Cheryl Crow and others who desparately chase celebrity and try to be part of the IN CROWD. With this release she has crossed a threshold to become one of the IN CROWD on her own terms.This CD has the earmarks of a defining piece of work. Probably the first classic Jazz release of the 21st century.
50/53
5.0
1033689600
B00008G0PL
Like the "One Ring" in JRR Tolkien's book series, Black Sabbath is almost eternal it seems. It is difficult to choose a single "best" Black Sabbath CD. But the beginning is a good place to start.PARANOID: essential. no Rock Collection is truly complete without it.MASTER OF REALITY: excellent. If you liked 'Paranoid', you won't think your collection is complete without it.VOLUME 4: same as Master of Reality.And so on, througn "Sabbath Bloody Sabbath", "Sabotage", "Technical Ecstacy", and even the jazzy "Never Say Die". After Ozzy Osbourne left, the band was never the same. Except for "Heaven and Hell", they never put out a really good album of material again.Which brings us back to this CD. Suffice to say that for all intents and purposes, grunge, metal and goth as we know it were all invented here. Everything that has followed has been an improvement, refinement, or a re-run of the material found on the early Black Sabbath albums. So in popular music, Black Sabbath are the Masters of Reality:Just as progressive bands are compared to ''Led Zeppelin'' or ''Pink Floyd'', and any band that features acoustic sounds is inevitably paired with ''The grateful Dead'', good rock bands are inevitably compared to Black Sabbath if they do heavy rock, gothic music, or 'metal'.But Black Sabbath is not about high art: they are (or were) about power and performance. Even though this recording dates from 1969, which is normally associated with hippies and flower power, it echoes as powerfully as anything recorded since then. Black Sabbath has been blamed for a lot of things that they had nothing to do with (alleged Satanism, etc.). But if this is the one band that rules them all, then there are legions of fans waiting to be bound in the darkness ("... And In THe Darkness Bind Them..."). or so it appears.So I recommend all of the Ozzy-era Sabbath CD's, starting with this. As for the post Ozzy Sabbath CD's, only "Heaven and Hell" is really worth a second listen.
20/25
5.0
1043107200
B00004TVA1
...no one even notices. Get real, this is New York we're talking about: the place that practically invented &quot;nightlife&quot;. Ever since Thomas Edison invented electric lights (at his lab in northern New Jersey), New Yorkers seemed bound and determined to make sure that no matter where the sun is, it always looks bright in the City.They don't call Manhattan's underground dance clubs &quot;hot spots&quot; for nothing. this CD is the soundtrack to a typical night in NYC's hot dance scene, and it really sizzles. Every tune is a hot dance hit (familiar to Circuit-partiers and 'night-club' people, but probably new to most listeners).Even though the the CD contains repeats from Jonah [it isn't irritating, but it did cost the CD a star in this review], it has such a great selection of dance club tunes that you still want to spin it again.While some of the songs may be a little too fast or wild, and the energy level might exceed what the clubs in most cities are used to, remember: this one WAS mixed by a New Yorker in his native habitat.
14/14
4.0
971222400
B0001M6416
About as punk a band as anyone. THE BOYS were a raging live act, with several singles sold largely by word of mouth, excellent critical acclaim, and very little airplay -- both in the UK and in the US.There are obvious comparisons to THE VIBRATORS (attitude -- enjoyably smart/dumb with a sneering grin); STIFF LITTLE FINGERS (raw energy), THE HEARTBREAKERS (L.A.M.F., not Tom Petty); SLAUGHTER & THE DOGS, THE ADVERTS, and dozens of other great bands which formed in the economic ruins of pre-Thatcher England.THE BOYS played mainly fast & Furious: smash-and-bash Drum/Bass riffs, with keyboards and a good guitar solo here and there. Less confrontational than SEX PISTOLS and less political than THE CLASH, but no less musically intense. In Kid Reid, they had a singer who could actually carry a tune, and certainly one of Punk's most energetic front-men. Unlike may (if not most) punk bands, their guitarist could do solos, and they had a keyboardist who could pay real melodies (not just bang out pre-sampled chords). 'The Complete Singles Collection' demonstrates that THE BOYS mated glam (more Mott the Hoople/Iggy than Bowie/T-Rex) to punk in a foul-mouthed, but entertaining, way."Brickfield Nights" sounds like a nostalgic 'Mott the Hoople' outtake, and it's the standout track here.As the intentionally cruder YOBS, THRY BOYS' 'Christmas songs' have given the group most of its longevity -- represented here with a raucous rip through "Silent Night." However, when it came to their straight-up pop/punk songs, THR BOYS had flashes of greatness. In "Soda Pressing," for instance, everyone is firing off with relentless quick-burn energy and the recording quality making everything smash through the speakers. The somewhat buried vocals aren't a problem, since the band is so strong on this cut.A few 'Ramones' influences are also evident -- "First Time" sounds like a tune from 'The Ramones' LP. Like all top-shelf punk acts, they also paid tribute to others -- for THE BOYS it's in their song "Terminal Love", which becomes Bob Dylan's "Knocking on Heaven's Door".Another YOBS rarity is here as well -- a hyper-Cockney-accented version of "The Worm Song" (as in "nobody likes me, everybody hates me..."). It's definitely wierdness for wierdness' sake, but in the context of a punk singles album, it's perfect.
0/0
4.0
1335398400
B000006B6G
Great rock CD's maintain their ability to thrill listeners years after any initial hype has died down. This is one such CD. From the opening chords of &quot;Bad Reputation&quot; [studio version] to the final coda of Bad Reputation [live], this CD is explodes with power pop, punk, new wave and flat out rock and roll material.Most of the songs here are covers of other people's material. It sounds like Joan Jett was 'cutting loose' and just having a blast when she recorded these songs. The Runaways had prety much run their course in 1981, and regrettably, it looks like any chance for a reunion is fading fast (word is that Cherrie Curry &amp; Jackie Fox have been having health problems recently, and would not be able to record or tour).The only thing that keeps this CD from being 5-star material is the rushed production and rather crude engineering on the songs. I guess Joan &amp; co. didn't have much money when they made these recordings, and unfortunatly, the sound is a bit &quot;low budget&quot;. While many of rock's most memorable tracks have been so; The Kinks, The Who, The Ramones, Iggy &amp; The Stooges, and most 1970's punk acts have the same low budget sound. What does come through is raw energy -- something that is often missing from more slick and 'well produced' records.Oh well, it sounds like Joan &amp; the band had a lot of fun here, and their sense of fun is really infectious. Joan Jett was a 'veteran' rocker when she made this CD, but she clearly never lost sight of the roots of rock -- the music and the performance testify to that.
1/1
4.0
970099200
B000O76WL0
This album sounds like a great demo CD. If it were a Demo, I'd go see the band live,a nd wait for a fully developed album.According to the hype, THE SWORD are supposed to be the "new Black Sabbath" or something like that. Instead, they sound like a group of college/university students who decided to get together as a Black Sabbath cover & tribute band.What's worse is that they muddle their image with the Nordic fairy-art on the cover and all through the liner notes. Makes one wonder -- are they trying to tell us something about themselves with the all those fairy images?The instrumental intro number 'Celestial Crown' sets a weak tone: initially catchy, but so repetitive that it becomes monotonous and seems much longer than its under 2 minute actual length. The no-pause segue into 'Barael's Blade' is a welcome transition; but that song too grows tedious about halfway through.After the 3rd song, I found myself skipping ahead after listening to about a minute or so of every song. The audio mix is irritatingly bad, and the music itself is just not interesting enough to be worth much time.The songs get progressively less interesting musically, but more pretentious and idiotic lyrically as you get toward the end. The album hits its nadir at 'March of the Lor [Instrumental in Eight Movements]'. This is a throwback to the worst pretentions of bad metal bands; you know, the ones whose drugged out members deluded themselves into believing that they were the second coming of Mozart or Beethoven. The last song, 'Ebethron' seems to be a throw-away or filler piece.If you want metal, get the real thing; this is just a demo tape -- a curiosity, but not worth the money on CD. THE SWORD are OK live, but only as a club-band or a warmup act for a real heavy metal band.
2/7
3.0
1150416000
B0002SVU3G
The material on this album worked OK in concert. But without the light show and the energy of the crowd feeding back to the band, it falls flat on the CD.Strengths:1. The cover art is far better than what is on most recent heavy metal albums.2. The instrumental playing is forceful and energetic.Weaknesses:1. The vocals -- real singer needed. Nearly all of the selections on the CD die as soon as the vocals kick in (that's probably what will keep this off of commercial radio).2. The songs. They start out strong, but never progres, so they become monotonous about halfway through. The instrumental playing lacks the subtlety and variation needed to keep the songs interesting.Every really bad rock cliche is well-represened here. The good cover art can not offset the mediocrity of the actual music contents.Histrionics are used as a substitute for craftsmanship on most of the CD. While that is a plus in concert, it just makes listening to the the CD tiresome. Howling vocals with no real melody or rhythm sense are placed out in front of thud-pucker bass riffs, plodding drumbeats, and masturbatory (but non-climaxing) guitar riffs. Musically, the songs go no place.Commercially successful Metal-music is deeply rooted in fast muscle cars and big-iron motorcyles. So, there is nothing wrong with speed, power, sound and fury. But instead of being fast, furious, and powerful, Mastodon just do smoky burnouts -- they rev loud, but only do it in 'Neutral.'Mastodons were big hairy elephant-like North-American creatures that went extinct during the last ice age. As herbovoirs, they were not fast, powerful, or furious - they were just big, clumsy and stupid. They looked tough, but weren't; they could not adapt to change; they evolved in an age of biological excess and abundance, but perished when they had to compete for resources.Perhaps the pretentious name chosen by this band for themselves is more apt than they knew. Like their namesake, this band seems headed for an ingominious extinction.
13/56
1.0
1104796800
B0001XASDA
Country and rock &quot;crossovers&quot; are not new. The Byrds did it back in the 1960's, and for that matter, most of Elvis Presley's biggest hits were equally popular with both rock and county &amp; western audiences. The Eagles and other music acts have managed to also build huge fan bases from both country and rock audiences. Late in life, Johnny Cash managed a few hits that rock &amp; pop audiences liked, and even though Willien Nelson is a &quot;country singer/songwriter&quot;, every rock band in Texas thinks he's as cool as they come.So, Loretta Lynn gets Jack White (White Stripes) to collaborate on a new album. Nothing new right? WRONG! This is a masterpiece. If Loretta Lynn never does another album of songs, this is one that will define her career as surely as anything else she ever did. The collaboratin might seem surprising, but The WHite Stripes dedicated their WHITE BLOOD CELLS album to Loretta Lynn as a major inspiraton. The admiration Jack (and his band mate, Meg) White has is genuine.Jack White tells people that Digital Is Evil, and The WHite Stripes use analog recording equipment to record &amp; mix. This CD is analog as well -- done with 8 tracks or less on all songs. So, I guess the corrollary is that analog is good. J. WHite sure makes that case convincingly here.On a few songs, Loratta Lynn sings with enough passion and intensity to rival Janis Joplin at her peak, or even Robert Plant. Loretta Lynn is a &quot;hall of Famer&quot; nearly 70 years old, yet she sounds like she's just starting out and eager to get noticed -- for all the right reasons.The production is sparse, not over-orchestrated. It's a lot like the really great country songs of many years ago -- and not that much different in concept from what The WHite Stripes do on their own albums.&quot;Van Lear Rose&quot; is also a lot like &quot;Hard Again&quot;, a Muddy Waters album produced by long time admirer, Johnny Winter. If you're going to check out, then why not do it at the top?'Miss Being Mrs.' is a sad lament about widhowhood -- but sad songs about loss are what make the best C &amp; W tunes. Same for 'Family Tree' (marital infidelity), and 'Portland, Oregon' (a duet with Jack WHite) which recalls past love.Loretta Lynn's &quot;comeback&quot; is magnificent. Check it out.
8/9
5.0
1083024000
B0001XASDA
Country and rock "crossovers" are not new. The Byrds did it back in the 1960's, and for that matter, most of Elvis Presley's biggest hits were equally popular with both rock and county & western audiences. The Eagles and other music acts have managed to also build huge fan bases from both country and rock audiences. Late in life, Johnny Cash managed a few hits that rock & pop audiences liked, and even though Willien Nelson is a "country singer/songwriter", every rock band in Texas thinks he's as cool as they come.So, Loretta Lynn gets Jack White (White Stripes) to collaborate on a new album. Nothing new right? WRONG! This is a masterpiece. If Loretta Lynn never does another album of songs, this is one that will define her career as surely as anything else she ever did. The collaboratin might seem surprising, but The WHite Stripes dedicated their WHITE BLOOD CELLS album to Loretta Lynn as a major inspiraton. The admiration Jack (and his band mate, Meg) White has is genuine.Jack White tells people that Digital Is Evil, and The White Stripes use analog recording equipment to record & mix. This CD is analog as well -- done with 8 tracks or less on all songs. So, I guess the corrollary is that analog is good. J. WHite sure makes that case convincingly here.On a few songs, Loretta Lynn sings with enough passion and intensity to rival Janis Joplin at her peak, or even Robert Plant. Loretta Lynn is a "hall of Famer" nearly 70 years old, yet she sounds like she's just starting out and eager to get noticed -- for all the right reasons.The production is sparse, not over-orchestrated. It's a lot like the really great country songs of many years ago -- and not that much different in concept from what The WHite Stripes do on their own albums."Van Lear Rose" is also a lot like "Hard Again", a Muddy Waters album produced by long time admirer, Johnny Winter. If you're going to check out, then why not do it at the top?'Miss Being Mrs.' is a sad lament about widhowhood -- but sad songs about loss are what make the best C & W tunes. Same for 'Family Tree' (marital infidelity), and 'Portland, Oregon' (a duet with Jack WHite) which recalls past love.This "comeback" is magnificent. Check it out.
16/17
5.0
1098144000
B00004SGNL
SoOme people called Aerosmith a &quot;heavy metal&quot; band, probably as a put down. Aerosmith's music was rooted in blues and hard rock styles, but they made rock tunes that electrified audiences: any rock fan who ever hears an early Aerosmith tune is almost always 'hooked' on the band from that point on.At the time Aerosmtith recorded ROCKS, they were at their first &quot;peak&quot;, professionally. Disco was 'all the rage' with the hip crowds in LA and New York, but rock fans hated the stuff. Bands that refused to sell out and do disco (e.g. Aerosmith) earned nothing but derision and scorn from critics. But who ever listened to a critic? Obviously, judging by the sales, fans could not care less what critics liked. Aerosmith played 'real music', not synthetic schlock.FOr most bands, a CD as intense and powerful as ROCKS would be a dream. For Aerosmith it is simply one of many high water marks. WHile Aerosmith rarely sounded as good as they do here, their personal lives were about to collapse: drugs, booze, and other associated problems were taking an immense personal toll on the band members (a few years later, Steve Tyler, Brad Whitford, and Joe Perry almost split up the band and focused on a set of solo projects). While Joe Perry's &quot;Joe Perry Project&quot; produced one good, one near-great, and one really horrible album, and even though Aerosmith went on with replacement guitarists, it was clear that The Whole was much greater than The Sum Of The Parts for this band.After 'drying out', sobering up, etc., Aerosmith set about the business of re-establishing themselves as a major force in rock music. In 2000, there is no real doubt that they had the talent (and determination) needed to succeed.But back to ROCKS: it may be disturbing, but it seems true. When it comes to making really exceptional rock music, drugs DO make you much better. Fueled by enough drugs to intoxicate a small army, the music on ROCKS is as explosive and addicting as any batch of chemicals. From the opening riff in &quot;Back in the Saddle&quot; to the final fade in &quot;Home Tonight&quot;, this CD is the aural equivalent of a low-level flight across the USA in a supersonic jet, or driving 200 MPH down a freeway.But, this is not &quot;speed metal&quot; or some other form of junk rock that takes no real talent to play. This is high energy, top shelf, blues driven, heavy music. While not for the timid or the overly sensitive, this is the real thing: big diamonds and gold nuggets dug out of a mountain of cheap rocks. AEROSMITH's &quot;ROCKS&quot; is finally getting the respect it deserves as one of the greatest rock CD's ever made.It took Aerosmith over 15 years to hit their stride again after ROCKS, but after seeing what happened to Janis Joplin, Jimi Hendrix, Jim Morrison, and other superstars who let drugs and booze overwhelm them, we should be grateful that the members of Aerosmith decided to re-unite and rise like a phoenix from their own ashes, to the heights they eventually achieved again.AEROSMITH, ROCKS: one hardly needs to read any more.
4/5
5.0
973382400
B0007N1AI6
Judas Priest always played 2nd tier to Black Sabbath. Black Sabbath split up when Ozzy Osbourne either left or waa fired -- the details are murky, and depend on who is recalling events. Suddently Judas Priest was thrust into the forefront of heavy metal. Several excellent albums ensued, with successful tours. Later on however, Judas Priest split with their lead singer too when questions about his sexual preferences overwhelmed all other band publicity.Like Black Sabbath, Judas Priest enjoyed reduced success without all the founding members. Singer Halford, went on to modest success (unlike Ozzy Osbourne who went on to mega-stardom). But while Black Sabbath could still live off of their past glory, the rest of Judas Priest nearly faded to oblivion.In the 1990's, metal nearly died out all together as the music industry was taken over by homosexuals. But the collapse of CD sales caused by too many "boy bands" pop divas, techno, American Idols, and other music farces, caused a resurgence of interest in metal. Metal, aftet all, was the music genre that had traditioanlly moved trainloads of albums and sold out stadiums. So, it made sense for the 4 straight members of Judas Priest to re-unite with their gay former singer, and hope that the mostly gay executives at Sony/CBS would welcome them all back since Judas Priest were "not homophobic." It worked.What is ANGEL OF RETRIBUTION like?Musically, it's a return to successful formulas: sounds a lot like 'Screaming for Vengance', 'Turbo', and 'Point of Entry'. It's not exactly a return to the summit ('Stained Class', 'Hell Bent For Leather', 'British Steel' days), but the expanded version does include a DVD with the biggest hits from that era -- to remind fans that live in concert, Judas Priest is still as powerful as ever.But like the Rolling Stones, one has the sense that Judas Priest is just trying to keep an old juggernaut running, even though it's aging. It still works, for the most part. But I would not bet on too many more albums or tours -- see them now before they 'retire" (or worse: age makes them parodies of their former selves).
0/3
4.0
1112054400
0345431367
I know that his is part fo teh 'pre-release hype' for a blockbuster movie. But in this case, the hype is well justified. One look through the art in this book makes a convicing case that the promotions and other media events being used to entice people into theatres (and later to buy DVD's) is probably not hype at all.It is clear that a lot of work went into making the Star Wars movies, and for REVENGE OF THE SITH, Lucas-Films, et.al pulled out all the stops and spared little (if any) expense to ensure that this would be a 'movie for the ages'. It might work.The story line for the movie is more or less revealed in this art book. That should come as no surprise, since it is almost impossible to present the visuals without providing some context in which they fit. Because reading the book and discovering what is involved in crating the scenes is so engaging, and fun, I'll let you read the book, and not reveal any plot details in this review.As a book, this might remain popular long after the movie is released. Unlike a lot of movies, the Star Wars series is about the art and technology of movie making, as much as it is about the final product. It seems that Luas and his production company paid a lot of attention to fan criticisms of EPISODE I, and after largely redeeming them in EPISODE II, appear poised to 'go out on top', ending the STAR WARS sagas with a true 'magnum opus'.This book will whet appetites for the movie itself, but from all appearances, it's a movie that will be well worth the wait, and satisfying to audience expectations.
2/3
5.0
1113177600
B00001R3GJ
The (vinyl) LP mix is excellent, as is the disc mastering. The CD's however, are over-compressed. While this makes them sound louder and heavier at first, it makes them tedious to listen to all the way through.The DVD is OK, but it's not the complete film -- I'm not sure what was left out, and maybe it's not worth including, but for the price being charged here, it seems that buyers should be able to decide that -- and fast forward through what they don't like.But what really seems to be a cheat here is that there are only 4 of the original 12 post cards ... what's the story?Go find the old original 2-LP set with the 12 post cards, and then just get the individual components of this 2010 package when they're on sale at your favorite music vendors. It will probably cost you less, and the sum of the parts will be greater.
18/19
3.0
1274918400
B000006V51
Let's get the major points out of the way early here: THIS CD IS OUTSTANDING; as good as trance gets, anywhere, anytime, by anyone. If your only exposure to John Digweed and Saha has been the &quot;Global Underground&quot; series CD's, then you have not heard either Digweed's or Sasha at their best. Even people who don't enjoy trance or techno may enjoy this one (Pink Floyd, Kraftwerk, and Tangerine Dream fans, listen up).In what has become 'standard' trance fashion (although it was not established as such at the time this CD was initially recorded), the set starts out with very ambient pulsating tones that build into melodic trance and then metamporphose into full blown dance nirvana. To date, this is the definitive &quot;John Digweed&quot; or &quot;Sasha&quot; CD. But since both are DJ's, and not writers or producers (like The Chemical Brothers) who spin other people's music, and mix other people's tunes together to create their 'sound', as opposed to writing their own material, the quality of the CD's tehy put out depends largely on the quality of the music they have been able to listen to and their skill at re-mixing &amp; blending it together. This CD shows an exceptional level of skill at both, suggesting that both Digweed &amp; Sasha have good ears for tunes. They also display a great sense of pacing and timing: unlike many trance/techno CD's this one never gets monotonous &amp; boring because of excessive repetition, nor does it sound puerile because the DJ's keep mixing unrelated genres together too quickly to establish a good groove (mood, tone, feel, etc.).Like any great trance, electronica, or techno release, this one works as both dance and listening music. All the more reason to pick it up.I am not sure what the title &quot;Northern Exposure&quot; has to do with the music, since neither my travels in far northern Canada, nor repeated listens to this CD, evoke memories of the other. It seemed that northern Canada featured country &amp; western (if anything at all), and there was nothing particularly high-tech about the arctic, aside from the devices I carried, and the helicopters. Perhaps it's a thing between Sasha &amp; Digweed. If it's a private joke, I hope they'll let us in on it some day. But that's the only 'disconnect' or non-sequitur connected with this CD. The music iteslf flows effortlessly from song to song. Some songs that you think you know are transformed into whole new listening experiences by the remixing here. Strandouts include the 2 custs from GUS GUS ('Believe' and 'Purple'), a radically remixed version of FURRY PHREAKS 'Soothe', LOST TRIBE's 'Distant Voices', 'Netherworld' by LSG, and climaxing with a must-have remix; ART OF SILENCE's 'Teach Me'.Finally, let me say that the mega-cynic in me wonders if these sets are truly &quot;live&quot;. I doubt it very much, and suspect that they are carefully crafted, tracks are re-recorded many times, and that there are lots of never-heard missteps that go into making CD's like &quot;Northern Exposure&quot;, but who really cares? Would you really want to hear a &quot;live set&quot; with all of its imperfections anyhow? Probably no more than you'd want to hear a 'one take' version of any other great music. But however they're made, and however many overdubs, re-takes, re-re-mixes, etc. are done, this CD is a standout in a genre that had become flooded with &quot;good, but so what, it's just like 100 others&quot; musical offerings.Excellent piece of work for dance and trance: BUY THIS, YOU WILL NOT BE DISAPPOINTED.
5/6
5.0
962841600
B0000DDPEQ
&quot;Let It Be&quot; remains the mot controversial album put out by The Beatles. This &quot;naked&quot; version does little to end that.The over-orchestration on songs like &quot;The Long and Winding Road&quot;, &quot;I, Me, Mine&quot;, and &quot;Across the Universe&quot; have been available on bootlegs for years, so the cleaned up &quot;oficial record company release&quot; might be of more academic than aesthetic interest.&quot;Across The Universe&quot; sounds lot like the work Lennon did on the Plastic Ony Band album than a Beatles' song.&quot;I Me Mine&quot; sounds like a demo tape, but it also sounds a lot more 'real' without the production extras to make it more palatable to radio.&quot;The Long and Winding Road&quot; is a much less grand song, but probably retains McCartney's initial intents better.&quot;One after 909&quot; has never been a song I cared for, and this album changes nothing.&quot;Don't Let Me Down&quot; is inculded here, as it should have been all along.Most of the songs are not all that different from the versions that have been available on the official Let It Be albums. The main chaing is the song-order.While Phil Spector's touches have been criticized for somehow &quot;ruining the purity&quot; of The Beatles' music, after hearing &quot;... Naked&quot;, I think Spector might have salvaged a project that had clearly fallen apart.Let It Be (the movie) was mainly a documentalry of the dissolution of The Beatles, not how well they worked together in a studio. The original album was filled-in with between song chatter and quips from the musicians insterspersed to keep the tracks flowing, and create the impression that &quot;Let It Be&quot; was a studio session. Unfortunately, here, &quot;Get Back&quot; ends too suddenly (without Lennon's &quot;...I certainly hope we passed the audition...&quot; comment), and there are other speaces that seem more like &quot;dead air&quot; whuch call out for something to fill the void.So, bottom line: &quot;Let It Be .. Naked&quot; a good documentary piece, but it's not likely to become a fan favorite. Then again, the origianl &quot;Let It Be&quot; album wasn't either.
0/6
4.0
1069113600
B0002MPQU0
THE MOONEY SUZUKI relased "Electric Sweat" in 2003. People who pick up on all the cool buzz in the music business checked it out and liked it -- a lot. Unfortunately, the muzic-dorks (aka Radio station owners and managers) ignored the CD, so it never got a lot of marketing support. Consequently sales lagged. So, SONY (a company run by brain-dead executives who think that using the FBI to arrest people who swap MP-3 files) intervened and directed MOONEY SUZUKI to do more pop-styled and less hard-edged music. The results apparently pleased the executives, but unfortunately, the new CD sounds brain-dead.While this had all kinds of potential, none of it has been realized. It's good, but it could have been great. The buzz-saw guitar attack is gone; replaced by a sanitized pop studio sound. But people buy songs, not engineering, so the extra effort was mis-directed and a waste of effort in my view. The pop special effects detract from the music. Instead of sounding "Live" or "Amplified", the band sounds lifeless and stifled. The nmusic lacks any ral punch here. The title is a mis-fire, and it will very likely backfire: pure hype, and totally dishonest.Live, I think THE MOONEY SUZUKI can still cut it. But perhaps it's time to say "Sayonara" to Sony, and get themselves a record deal that allows them to stay alive ... amplified, rocking out, and still cool.
3/3
3.0
1096502400
B000FI9OSG
Neil Young to remain on "Insider List"Neil Young has become the first recordng artist to release a broadside against president George W. Bush and not lose sales. In fact, Living With War has sold far better than his last several releases. Sales have also increased for several catalog solo works, albums done with David Crosby, Stephen Stills, Graham Nash, and also Crazy Horse.Reprise Records, Young's recorded music publishing company, was apprehensive about his latest album and the company's executives warned him that he was putting his future career on the line by releasing Living With War. It was a chance Neil Young was willing to take. At this time, it seems that his material has found a big audience of buyers and listeners.Currently at #29, Everybody Knows This is Nowhere, by Neil Young and Crazy Horse has shifted position since being listed in 1998, and was briefly displaced by Rust Never Sleeps in 2001.copy of list: [...]Way to go Neil!Music:Maybe Neil Young needs to get angry and upset before he records new material. This is definitely his best new work in several years. In content and tone it takes off about where Ohio (his protest song about the Kent State anti-war protestor shootings) left off. Unlike a lot of "polticial protest" artists, who just sound strident p!ssed-off, and whiny, Neil Young is coherent and compelling. Like Ohio or Rockin' In The Free World, the songs here are listenable and memorable, and will outlast the politics or events about which they are writtten.Best Songs:After The GardenLiving With WarLet's Impeach the President (it may hve been written about George W. Bush, but this will be applied to unpopular future presidents also)
6/9
4.0
1147824000
B000MU2M5O
Many CD's are labelled 'brilliant' or 'sophisticated' by critics, meaning that the music on them is completely unlistenable, or so idiosyncratic that one wonders if the musicians are not actually deranged.This is brilliant &amp; sophisitcated, but every song here can be listened to many times...and still you won't tire of hearing them.From the stark and powerful guitar lines of &quot;Taxman&quot; to the raving power pop of &quot;And Your Bird Can Sing&quot;, from straight-ahead hits like &quot;Got to Gte you into My Life&quot; to highly experimental songs like &quot;Tomorrow Never Knows&quot;, everything here points to a group with awesome talent --enough to match the awesome hype they got, and then some.Tomorrow Never Knows was way out on the cutting edge when 'Revolver' was released, but it showed just how innovative John Lennon was, as hudreds of later artists tried to come up with songs that were sililar in sound and their power to amaze or hook an audience.&quot;Revolver&quot; was released only months after &quot;Rubber Soul&quot;, and while there are many similarities between the two releases, there are also major differences. Rubber Soul was an exercise in songwriting and composition, whereas Revolver was an exercise in studio wizardry. Not that the songwriting and music is in any way weak here, it just wasn't as central to the music's success. Few musicians have ever written songs as memorable as &quot;She Said She Said&quot; or &quot;I want to Tell You&quot;, and yet those songs are just placed in here as if they're ensemble numbers.REVOLVER remains one of the 'essentials'; a CD that has to be part of any good music collection.
1/1
5.0
970444800
B00008G1K9
Nuclear war, pollution, law, politics, religion, planned obsolescence, multicultualism, racism, etc. etc. It's all here. This is Doctor Strangelove meeting Mark Twain -- with predictable results (or, picture "Mr. Spock" from STAR TREK as a humorist).Comic genius so sublime it still rings true nearly 4 decades later. A Mathematician who became a sensation at Harvard took his material on the road (so to speak), and this is part of the results.Unlike most 1960's art (which was really just trash camouflaged in sleek, slick, and shiny space-age sheathings), this is the space age technology itself -- without the fancy packaging. The principle of Occam's Razor has rarely been put to comic purposes with such effect.I hate to sound like an intellectual snob, but in this case it's true that one's propensity to "get" the humor here is very strongly and closely correlated with IQ or general intelligence. So, don't bother playing it for dumb relatives or other dimwits -- it will all go right over their heads. If you belong to 'Mensa', you probably already have this, so you are already "One of the Ones Who Knows".I'd rate it "6 STARS" but there are only 5 available here.
1/3
5.0
1021334400
B00004YVEO
There are many reasons why this film is disturbing. First, it was made to glorify the regime of Nazi Germany. Second, the film accomlishes its mission with greate success. Third, as a cinematic work, it has served as an archetype for propaganda films ever since.The use of music, imagery, pacing, and other techniques for developing content reveal that Leni Riefenstahl was probably one of the most talented and brilliant film-makers or visual choraographers of the 20th Century. Had this movie been made for some purpose other than the glorification of Adolf Hitler's government, it wouuld have received high praise.Had this film been made under the direction of an inept or clumsy hack, it would have been consigned to the dust-bins of history, not preserved as a chilling reminder of how to be effective, and a lesson in how to create, propaganda.On technical merits, as a work of cinema, I give Triumph of The Will high praise. But that praise is tempered and mitigated by the knowledge of the uses to which all of director Riefenstahl's brilliance was applied.Triumph of the Will is destinted to remain one of the most controversial and un-nerving movies ever made. Its real value lies in understanding the context in which it was produced, and (I hope) causing viewers to become much more critical and discerning in their analysis of the content of contemporary commercial and political media.
1/6
5.0
1167177600
B000006CG2
Let me preface this by saying that I tend to have fairly broad tastes, ranging from early mediaeval &amp; baroque to techno/electronic, and from folk &amp; bluegrass to heavy metal &amp; acid rock. I think I can say that without being accused of bragging, since my CD collection contains music in all aforementioned genres, and then some.Normally, I play afew seconds of a techno selection, decide if it's interesting enough to listen to more of (sometimes listening to entire songs), and noting which ones I want to program and listen to in their entirety.With this CD, I ended up just listening..to all of it. AND then listened to all of it again.Danceable + Listenable = techno-perfection.This is a KEEPER!So, When's the next one coming out?
3/5
5.0
959644800
B000000HQP
I suppose that this CD can be written off as just another bunch of gay British boys trying to imitate early David Bowie or Iggy Pop. And after &quot;Obscure Alternatives&quot; (JAPAN's American debut album), it was certainly tempting to take bets on how fast these guys were going to vanish into obscurity.This CD (JAPAN's 2nd U.S. release, but actually their first, worldwide) is far more developed and interesting musically (and the playing is much more intense) than that on &quot;Obscure Alternatives&quot;. But neither album was commercially successful. &quot;Obscure Alternatives&quot; generated a lot of interest within the American music biz mainly due to David Sylvian's extremely good looks (amply displayed on the cover). This --naturally-- led to charges that they were just another bunch of ''Queens'' trying to make it on looks, but with little musical talent to back them up (comments referring to that old TRAFFIC song about high heeled boys with a low spark, and calling the lead singer &quot;David So-Vain&quot; were common charges hurled at JAPAN).The visages are toned down (David Sylvain's especially) for &quot;Adolescent Sex&quot;, as the band attempted to sell themselves on their musical ability. While this bid for artistic legitimacy was bold and risky, it was a huge marketing mistake -- the album bombed. COmercially, JAPAN were &quot;way too gay&quot; for mainstream radio, and not queeny enough to appeal to the gay crowd (who at the time were mainly into disco). Another problem of course, was that the band's name suggested that perhaps the lyrics would be in Japanese, and therefore incomprehensible to American or British audiences (the only real markets for punk at that time).As a 1970's punk CD, this shows the roots of the band JAPAN eventually became (a year after this release in fact). Unlike &quot;Obscure Alternatives&quot; which seemed to mirror JAPAN's complete disillusionament with the music industry, &quot;Adolescent Sex&quot; is highly experimental and focused.&quot;The Unconventional&quot; and &quot;Suburban Love&quot; are the best rock tunes here. But tother songs, including the title cut, &quot;Performance&quot;, and &quot;Don't Rain on My Parade&quot; are accessible. The biggest reason this was not a bigger hit with the punk crowd is that the Punks were mostly alienated low-income city urchins, while JAPAN wer all from wealthy suburbs. There seems to be a longing in some song lyrics (&quot;Love on Main Street&quot; and &quot;Television&quot;) for an acceptance of gay boys, but the realization that --in the 1970's-- this was not to be, yields &quot;Wish You Were Black&quot; which can be taken on 2 levels; a funky black-sounding song, or a somewhat naive suburban belief that whatever problems they might have in life, urban blacks get to have lots of hot sex. Before you scold these guys for being ''racist'', place the music in context: the 1970's, white teenage boys, and the all-white neigborhoods they lived in.While JAPAN never again made a hard rock/punk albums after this and &quot;Alternatives&quot;, and they changed into a more upscale Roxy Music style band for subsequent CD's, this features them at the end of their innocence.JAPAN claims that &quot;Adolescent Sex&quot; and &quot;Obscure Alternatives&quot; are the product of manipulative or explotative producers and managers, but they sure seemed to be willing to &quot;play their buns off&quot; here (or maybe they were just bratty but talented teenege boys &quot;etting their rocks off&quot;).Anyhow, while I like later JAPAN CD's such as &quot;Quiet Life&quot; and &quot;Tin Drum&quot;, this one should not be overlooked.I will however caution fans of the later material, that this is very much a hard rock/punk CD that may not comport with your preferences. Sadly, the boys in JAPAN (now no longer boys) seem to be content to chalk ot up to &quot;adolescence&quot; and the loud sparky sound of White Punks on Dope... oh, wait, that's from another band.
3/5
5.0
1005004800
B000FORA5E
Def Leppard always was sort of a glam rock band. Lyrics and videos for "Armageddon It", "RockIt", "Photograph", and other hit tunes were full of glam references. So, it's no big surprise that they've done a cover-album full of 1970s glam and hard rock.The resulting album is a great rock & roll record -- Def Leppard's best album since Hysteria. Most cover albums get bogged down in reverence or ambition: artists either give listeners interpretations that are straight copies or ridiculous reinterpretations as they try to make a favorite song their own. Here, Def Leppard alternate between fairly faithful renditions of familiar classics like T. Rex's "20th Century Boy," Badfinger's "No Matter What," or Rod Stewart's "Stay With Me", and some rocked out re-makes like David Essex's "Rock On," which is a more straighforwared power-rock song than the original, and Electric Light Orchestra's psychedelic "10538 Overture," is re-done to sound like a Def-Leppard power-metal original song. The reworking of THE KINKS' "Waterloo Sunset," will probably anger KINKS purists, but then so did VAN HALEN's version of "You Really Got Me".With Yeah!, Def Leppard is reconnecting with the reason why they're a band at all, playing the rock-songs that inspired them in the first place. They sound like they've been reinvigorated by this material. After hearing these songs, it's easier to appreciate what made Def Leppard themselves such a big-name rock band. They had deep roots in good original material.The only place they fall short is when they try to top some real rock heavyweights. Compare their versions of FREE's "A Little Bit of Love" or THIN LIZZY's "Don't Believe a Word" to the originals. These guys are not as big-and-bluesy as FREE, but the huge riff that drives the song is clearly part of what became Def Leppard's signature sound. THIN LIZZY's "Don't Believe a Word" works much better, and like the original, it's built on twin guitar harmonies. But THIN LIZZY's own version on 'Live And Dangerous' still remains the song's definitive recorded version.But the slip on the mega heavy tunes is quickly forgotten on songs like "No matter What" (BadFinger) and "Street Life" (Roxy Music), both of which actually sound better than the originals here.The raw take on the Faces' "Stay with Me" is far tighter than the original (how could it not be?), but it's just as raunchy and captivating. It's sung by guitarist Phil Collen, whose vocal qualities are a lot like a young, energetic Rocking Rod Stewart. Stewart himself could probably not equal Def Leppard's performance of the song today.They didn't lose their identity -- still sound like Def Leppard here; the cavernous drums, huge guitars, and driving harmonies -- but they no longer sound slick and calculated (like they did on post-Hysteria albums). Here they sound alive and intense, making the case that they are their own best producers. If they can carry this sound and feel onto an album of originals, they have one truly great record in the making.YEAH!. Is a killer record in its own right, and more fun than anything else yet released in 2006. Very few bands could make an artistic comeback with a covers album. But this CD reminds everyone that there are very few bands like Def Leppard.OVERALL RATING: 9/10 (4.5 stars)
9/10
4.0
1148947200
B0000257BW
Any rock fan has probably heard &quot;Ballroom Blitz&quot; somewhere. But that's only the beginning. Every song here is a rock gem, with loud guitars, a pounding rhythm section and strong vocals (like all great rock music). It's really a sign of how bad rock radio programming is that this CD was not a major AOR staple (most programming &amp; music directors in radio have no music knowledge or sense, and only play what some consultant tells them is good).The Sweet were unfairly typecast as a &quot;galm rock&quot; act, and unfortunately, this CD came out just as &quot;glam rock&quot; was being eclipsed by the rise of disco [a revolting development that was corrected only after several years of insufferably bad musical noise had almost ruined popular music].Fans of David Bowie (Ziggy Stardust), the Ramones, the Rolling Stones (from the time of Sticky Fingers to It's Only Rock &amp; Roll) and even early Aerosmith material will love this CD. While The Eagles sang about how nice it was to be rich and famous in Hollywood or take it easy some place, The Sweet sang about life among the not-so rich and not-so famous, and about how Real Life could hit--hard sometimes. California wasn't all paradise then [in 1974], just as it's not today. And Teenage Angst (a mainstay for rock material) has rarely found a voice for expression so clear as &quot;Desolation Boulevard&quot;.Outstanding cuts: Fox On The Run, Ballroom BLitz, The 6 Teens, AC/DC, and Into The Night.
24/26
5.0
970099200
B000057GRA
''Time heals all wounds'', goes an old saying. But in the case of Janis Joplin, time has only served to intensify the magnitude of the loss.A bad image (she was an...addict, a bad sudent, runaway daughter, etc...) made Janis Joplin a ahrd sell with parents to put it mildly. But after hearing her rendition of "Summertime" (the old Gershwin song from ''Porgy and Bess''), it was clear that whatever her personal shortcomings might have been, Janis Joplin was an awesomely talented singer. The rest of "Cheap Thrills" matched the quality of her rendition of "Summertime". So does the rest of theis "Greatest Hits" CD.Janis Joplin was a huge fan of 'Big Mama' Thornton, a somewhat tragic figure in her own right. Thornton co-wrote and recorded the original version of "Hound Dog", a song Elvis made famous. "Hound Dog" was never recorded by Janis, but "Ball and Chain", an emotional plea for love and understanding -- or maybe a cry for help-- is here on the greatest hits CD. I doubt that a 9 minute song was really a 'top-40 hit', but this CD serves more as a heartfelt 'thanks' to Janis for the musical memories she left behind, ands not just a document of what radio stations played.The blues singing here is as good as it gets, and the songs have never really gone away. The play "Love, Janis" (featuring nearly all the songs from this CD) still draws huge crowds, and because the music has aged well, it's the songs --not Janis' excessive lifestyle-- that people now remember."Move Over" and "Cry Baby" are two sides of the same coin: a love that's over and the pain of aftermath, when all that's left is the pain. It is almost impossible to sing the blues with so much conviction if you have not 'lived them'. So it seems that Janis Joplin, lived a very sad and lonely life.Janis Joplin was a classically tragic figure from recent times. Not a "hero" by any stretch, but certainly a great talent lost. "Me and Bobby McGee" makes one wonder if Janis ever found a great love in her life. If not, then the tragedy of her death is even greater.The songs collected here are not just radio hits. They are more like a requiem.
60/64
5.0
1037836800
B00004RLGO
The General Rippers, Buck Turgidson, Incompetent drunken Russians, and President Muffley's. Although I can't vouch for the Presidents (I've never met a US President in person), the military and other types really do exist--and Kubrick's dark comedy captured their outlooks with uncanny accuracy and skill. My suspicion is that the closest we may come to STRANGELOVE's feckless &quot;Murton Muffley&quot; may be incoming President, George W. Bush.There really are officers who brag about how &quot;their boys&quot; (skilled pilots) can 'cook chickens with jet exhaust', and would probably say &quot;not a chance &quot; if asked whether a foreign power could shoot down a renegade jet.While the levels of security and control on the use of nuclear weapons are far more sophisticated and less subject ot error than they were in teh early 1960's, the mentalities of the people &quot;in the biz&quot; are often not.While I've never met anyone with quite General Jack D. Ripper's level of obsession with bodily fluids, and purity thereof, ther are plenty of &quot;I only drink distilled water&quot; and other types who come unnervingly close (and make you wonder silently--is this guy figuring out how to launch a nuclear attack against someone, someday?).One thing that has always struck me about this movie, is the physical resemblance between &quot;Dr. Strangelove&quot;, and real life German emigree, Dr. Henry Kissinger (look at a picture of Kissinger from the early-mid 1960's to see the close resemblance). This is no doubt pure coincidence (since ther is no evidence that either S. Kubrick or P. Sellers --the actor-- knew or were aware of Kissinger at the time this film was made), nonetheless, it has provided conspiracy theorists with lots of fodder, since Kissinger is both a David Rockefeller protoge, and one of the architects of contermporary US foreign &amp; military policies. Also, Kubrick acknowledged that Slim Pickens' line &quot;a fellow could have a great weekend in Vegas...&quot; was originally &quot;A fellow could have a great weekend in Dallas...&quot; (and in fact, if you watch his lips, it's clear he said &quot;Dallas&quot;. The line was changed because of the (then recent) Kennedy assassination. Icidentally, Kubrick told Pickens to play Captain Kong as a &quot;straight&quot; role, not a comic one, and it is considered Slim Pickens' finest acting job.For a darkly humorous, but dead-accurate, look inside of &quot;the Cold War mentality&quot;, Dr. Strangelove is highly recommended. As a great piece of cinema, showing promise of what was to come from Kubrick ('2001', and 'Clockwork Orange'), also recommeded highly. And as a showcase for Peter Sellers, it's stellar. George C. Scott went on to play General George C. Patton, largely on the strength of his performenace here; Sterling Hayden never played a major role in a movie again -- perhaps a loss to American cinema.One Great movie.
1/1
5.0
967593600
B000803CS4
The artifacts that survive the ravages of time may not always be the best documentation of the way things were. If history is an interpretation of artifacts, then it is a science limited in its ability to 'get it right', by the quality of the artifacts from which historians draw their conclusions. It is truly a loss for 'Rock History' (and Rock fans) that Led Zeppelin only put out one live album.Led Zeppelin was a much better band in concert than this CD would suggest. A bit of background: The footage for this was shot when Led Zeppelin was at the end of their 1973 tour. The band was exhausted, and this show was added because of fan demand, and because the footage shot on the previous 3 nights had been badly botched. This was in the days before ubiquitous low cost video, so everything was shot on expensive 35mm and 16 mm film.Led Zeppelin members regret that this is the only official, legal live recording of an entire concert ('The BBC Sessions', a much more poserful set of audie tracks have no video accompaniment). While there are a few excellent bootlegs out there, you'll just have to track them down on your own...As a midnight movie, though, the film and music work surprisingly well. It's not as slick as today's productions, and it definitely has a low-tech look compared with today's digitially enhanced video and movies.Still, the versions of 'Rock and Roll', 'Celebration Day', 'The Song Remains The Same', No Quarter' and other early Led Zep songs stand as a testament to the energy and power of Led Zeppelin when they performed live. Even at the end of their US tour, they had more energy onstage than a lot of new acts.It's been observed that if Eric Clapton was &quot;god&quot;, then Jimmy Page was Satan or Lucifer, and we all know that 'the devil' has the greatest music. Nearly 28 years after it was originally recorded, that observation still stands, and Led Zeppelin, even on an off night, still has the ability to awe listeners (and viewers, should you happen to see the movie).
23/28
4.0
951004800
B00064OOMK
The record company hype would have you believe that SAHARA HOTNIGHTS are the successors to the legacy of THE RUNAWAYS. After hearing "Jenny Bomb", and now this CD, I think that the former members of The Runaways should consider suing for defamation.This is a really lame CD, full of trite pop, where every song has a really forced feel to it. THe focus is on more on vocals here than on previous records. But as with the instrumentals, there is nothing that distinguishes SAHARA HOTNIGHTS' overall sound from dozens of other femal or female-fronted acts. The band and record company seem to think that making a lot of videos will sell the music on "Kiss and Tell" (they thought the same thing when "Jenny Bomb" was new). Forget it: these firls are just 'plain Janes', not bombshells. And if they're going to do a lot of videos, they need to think about visual impact. They're not hot at all on camera: they look lik e a bunch of fat girls trying to do Karaoke, not a real rock band.Since SAHARA HOTNIGHTS and their record company focus so heavily on video, they could learn a lot by studying Tanya Tucker, Bloindie, Joan Jett, Lita Ford, Suzi Quatro and other girl rockers who managed to become cool. Otherwise, I think they're headed down the fast track to oblivion. But the videos (from "Jenny Bomb" and "Kiss and Tell") are probably never going to be widely seen. Instead, they'll only serve to prove that bad music on video is still just bad music.WHich brings us back to this CD. It's dull, and frankly, after the first song, I found myself just flipping through the first 15-30 seconds of the remaining tracks, trying to listen for something interesting. For the record, nothing was located.Pass on this CD, and get something worth a listen: by Suzi Quatro, Blondie, The Runaways, Joan Jett, Lita Ford, or even non-rockers like Tanya Tucker and Joni Mitchell, for that matter.
2/18
1.0
1096502400
B00005YXZH
Roger, WILCO copy that: Hotel Yankee papa Echo, Over and out. \Seriously, this CD is not bad, but it's not good either. If it is possible to be relentlessly tepid and mediocre, then Wilco have mastered the art.A few upbeat songs like "War On War" are ruined by preachiness. At 5 -- 6 minutes each, many of the songs are far too long, and listless, to hold most listener's attention or interest.Pass on this and wait for the next one, or get the "Uncle Tupelo" Best of CD.Hotel-Yankee-Foxtrot is a Delta-Ocean-Gulf (maybe even the #1 Delta-Uniform-Delta of 2002).
5/17
3.0
1026086400
B000ND3TAC
While that line was not to appear until their 3rd release, this CD was the Hammer.Rolling Stone, predictably, panned LED ZEPPELIN II, saying that the band was finished (they had also trashed their firs release). I guess it shows that most rock critics then, like most rock critics today, are generally full of crap and should not be taken too seriously.'Whole Lotta Love' (adapted from Muddy Waters song, 'You Need Love') remains one of the most explosive pieces of rock music ever recorded, and the guitar breaks in 'Heartbreaker', 'Bring It On Home', and other tunes here are almost required material for anyone seriously considering joining a real band.With wimpy acts like 98-degrees and Ricky Martin topping charts today, it's nice to note that the 'Hammers of the Gods' are still around for people whose tastes have moved beyond playing and singing by little boys.LED ZEPPELIN II: an 'essential'; a piece of music history and a stunning bolt of rock thunder.
6/7
5.0
970444800
B0000AKCLJ
FIRST: The Raveonettes are great live, and their CD's don't really do them full justice.SECOND: This CD is going no place at all. The reasons are many, but they all point back to the musical approach of the group. While it is fine to compose all of your songs in one key (B-FLAT MAJOR here), the really big selling CD's and albums have always features songs in multiple keys.The Raveonettes also overdid the fuzz and rauch effects and it makes this CD seem defective on a few songs. This works gret in concert, but on CD it's irritating.The songs that could be hits don't stand out enough to really grab attention here: a consequence of them all being in exactly the same key. While there is no filler material (nothing just added to fill up space or waste a listener's time), there is notheing really exciting here either.I still expect great material from The Raveonettes in the future (and their debut &quot;Whip It On&quot; is one of the coolest CD's released in a long time). But this one seems like an experimental approach to pop music that just didn't quite work.GO see them live though. You won't regret it.
2/6
4.0
1064361600
B00000ID2Y
Will John Foxx ever rejoin Ultravox? I certainly hope so!ULTRAVOX first appeared in the midst of Britain's punk scene in 1977. But it was clear from the cover art of their debut LP, that there was something a bit different about this band.For one thing, they seemed to project an image of style and upscale tastes, unlike most punk and new wave acts at teh time (who seemed to be interested in showing how trashy and low-life they could be).In the tradition of David Bowie, and later, Gary Numan, the initial Ultravox band looked very androgynous, and projected an ambiguous sexuality--probably gay [their recordings were produced by Brian Eno, after all], but one could not be certain.At any rate, the music here has aged rather well. Most of it is taken from 'Ultravox!' and 'HaHaHa', with only a few from 'Systems of Romance'. While it does include 'Slow Motion', a hit song in Boston, parts of New york, and a few other cities with highly sophisticated music commuities, along with 'The Wild The Beautiful and the Damned', and 'Quiet Men', it does not include gems like 'Maximum Acceleration' or 'Saturday Night in the City of The Dead'. For those, you need to go to the original Island CD's, now only available as UK imports.While CD's released after John Foxx's departure had some well-received European singles, they lost their compelling visual focus, and became just another minor pop act.I would have given this CD 5 stars if it had been remastered to capture the full dynamic range and bass energy of the master tapes. Unfortunately, in what has become a depressing tradition, Island records has chosen to release this recording using exactly the same (rather thin, dynamically flat) mix they had for the LP's. Given the current economics of the music business, there is simply no excuse for record companies to continue to reissue music with inferior, low-tech sound quality (particularly a high-tech/techno band like Ultravox). Given the penny pinching philosophy extant at most record companies, it's little wonder that so many people aren't buying.If you can find copies, I recommend that you get ULTRAVOX!, HA HA HA, or SYSTEMS OF ROMANCE. Until then, this CD is going to have to suffice.
9/9
4.0
968112000
B000002TUK
The Smithereens may not have had too many &quot;radio hits&quot;, and that was a loss for radio. But who needs radio muzak anyhow? This CD just sizzles with great songs. Great party tunes, and one killer car-cruising CD here. People who say the 1980's were a wasteland for pop music probably spent too much time listening to the stuff that came out and got too much attention in that decade. This CD suggests that the 1980's were a time full of great music, but not in the usual places.Outstanding cuts: Only A Memory, A girl Like You, Blood and Roses, Houser We Used to Live In, Time Won't Let Me. The rest of the songs are very good also.
16/18
5.0
970099200
B00061QVEM
There is clearly a problem with the marketing of music. It's done by marketing divisions of large entertainment corporations, using focus groups, and consultants. They examine demographics, and then design packaging. They rarely listen to the music, and even if they did, most of those people have tin ears (or they are too clueless), so they don't know if it's any good. So the entertainment corporations sell new bands that other companies sell bubblegum, toothpaste, or laundry detergents.It works great for toothpaste and soap, but i's been a flop for rock music. The results of corporate product approachs to rock music are predictable: most rock bands today are about as exciting as brands of toothpaste or soap.JET's &quot;Get Born&quot; CD is a bit of a throwback -- to garage bands and power pop. They sound a lot like THE FLAMING GROOVIES, and this CD sounds like it could have been the succssor to that band's classic, &quot;Teenage Head&quot;.If this CD has a central flaw, it's sequencing. The song order should have been more carefully planned out. A stonger song, like &quot;Rollover DJ&quot;, followed by &quot;Last Chance&quot; and &quot;Are You Gonna Be My Girl&quot; would have ensured that this album got a lot more play on people's home and car sound systems.Oh, By The Way, JET can also live up to expectations on stage. Unlike a lot of modern bands, whose over-production cannot be re-created live, JET kept things simple, and straightforward. SO, they can deliver the goods live -- even better than the CD. I hope they put out a DVD soon.JET is not just a one hit wonder, unlike several recent bands. &quot;Get Born&quot; has a lot of great follow-up songs if you liked one of the hits. Like most real classics, the inital sales are not huge, but it seems that they will remain steady for a while. If JET comes out with a follow-up album that has a song that sounds tough, but full of angst, as &quot;Are You Gonna Be My Girl?&quot;, they'll follow the MC-5 into rock history.Best cuts:1. Are you Gonna Be My Girl?2. Rollover DJ3. Cold Hard B****4. Look What You've Done5. Get Me Outta Here6. Take It Or Leave It7. Come Around Again
4/4
4.0
1084838400
B0009IW8OY
Note: this is an excellent album from a movie about a real 'school of rock'. The students actually rehearse and perform real rock songs with 'real' stars -- songd that the rock stars made into hits. It should not be confused with the soundtrack from a similarly titeld movie featuring Jack Black. IN the other movie, Jack black plays an obnoxiously useless lay-bout who fronts a no-talent band, but somehow lands a teaching job. That movie, and the soundtrack, are both atrocious.This CD featuers a mix of well-known, and obscure songs, which are in many cases done better than the originals.BETTER THAN THE ORIGINALS:-------------Barracuda (HEART's Ann Wilson);Don't Stand So Close To Me (THE POLICE's Stewart Copeland)Hocus Pocus (by Focus -- all students on this one)Peace Sells (MEGADETH's Dave Mustaine)AS GOOD AS THE THE ORIGINALS:----------------Iron Man (by Black Sabbath -- all students on this one)Highway Star (DEEP PURPLE's Ian Gillan)L.A. Woman (by The Doors -- vocals are dead-on Jim Morrison)Rebel Yell (BILLY IDOL reprises his hit)Heart of The Sunrise (YES's Jon Anderson)Black Magic Woman (SANTANA's Greg Rollie -- later in JOURNEY). This song was originally written and performed by Fleetwood Mac, but it was the Santana guitar sound that eventually turned this blues number into a classic.I Wanna Be Sedated (THE RAMONES' 'Marky', with Ty Ritter from the ALL AMERICAN REJECTS). Great effort but The Ramones' original hits are deceptive: easy to play, but extremely hard to do better.All of the musicians here are incredibly good, and one hopes that they can one day write their own hits to perform. Unlike most "tribute" albums, the songs here don't just sound like throw-away or "B-side" songs. If these had been more obscure songs, then it's possible that at least one of the cover versions could have become a hit on its own.
3/4
5.0
1134086400
B00004YWZG
Unlike his &quot;Tranceport&quot; CD, this is not a groundbreaker, it's just another show. The enhenced CD contains a visual piece which attempts to capture the &quot;excitement&quot; of the great European Dance party, but instead looks like a hurried rush through a crowded city, with nothing particularly interesting or exciting happening at all (the &quot;DJ Performance&quot; is just a short part at the end, and looks like more of an afterthought than the main purpose of the whole video piece).Unfortunatly, except for &quot;FLASH&quot; (Tito Maas remix), and Moby's &quot;PORCELAIN&quot; (also a remix), this CD seems to be more of an afterthought than a main attraction.While the DJ scene is said to be &quot;huge&quot;, it won't remain so if the product all starts to sound the same, and becomes bland. Formula mixes such as this may be just what teh promoters wanted, but it makes for rather tepid listening fare, once...
0/0
3.0
983145600
B000FD95XK
...we still have all the Beatles' music. Abbey Road was the final release of &quot;new&quot; material, although it was actually recorded before &quot;Let It Be&quot;.While Let It Be featured a few great songs, for the most part it documents the breakup and dissolution of The Betles as a group. Abbey Road, by contrast, is a mature and sophisitcated musical statement from a band that sounds as cohesive and full of energy as they did on &quot;Please Please me&quot; and other early hits.While Abbey Road features 'Octopuses Garden' (easily the most ridiculous song The Beatles ever recorded), and &quot;Maxwell's Silver Hammer&quot; (one of Paul McCartney's silly songs) it also features several stellar tracks. It's hard to choose a favorite here, and most bands would be happy to have one song as good as &quot;Here Comes The Sun&quot;, &quot;Something&quot;, &quot;Because&quot;*, &quot;Come Together&quot;, or &quot;I Want You&quot; on a CD.The best is saved for last, and the tracks at the end of this CD, beginning with &quot;Golden Slumbers&quot; and ending with &quot;the End&quot;, comprise one of the most memorable (and best liked) medley's in popular music.If nothing else, Abbey Road gave some indication of the directions that the solo Careers of each member would take. George Harrison into spiritualism; John Lennon into a rich, worldly and often highly experimental musical art; Paul McCartney into classy pop tunes; and Ringo Starr just out to have fun.And in the End, the music is still great after all these years.
2/3
5.0
970444800
B00004TXYE
The &quot;Radikal Techno&quot; series has its ups and downs (one of its biggest downs was the 'best of Radikal Techno'), but this is a major UP. Radikal Techno 4 is a killer CD: a must have for dance music, or trance &amp; techno lovers.Every track here is both listenable and danceable. Latin sounds, Reggae, new wave, and electronica fuel the beats here. Standout tracks include MELLO TRAX &quot;Outta Space&quot; (not the old Billy Preston tune, just in case you were wondering), SM TRAX' &quot;Got The Groove&quot;, and LA MORENA's &quot;Decadencia&quot;. A remixed? version of Zombie Nation's KernKraft400 kicks things off in a shimmering trance mode, and the songs just keep getting better &amp; better. At a recent party, no one noticed that this CD played over and over... the guests couldn't get enough of it.Check it out! Techno dance, trance, breakbeat, and electronica fans will love this one.
18/20
5.0
966556800
B000001EL1
Kiss has no talent: they'll be gone and forgotten soon.I remember that phrase from many years ago. Right, the musical sophisticates who knew what constituted great art and purported to lecture eveyone else, boldly asserted that KISS was nothing but hype and gimmicks (face painting); they had no talent; they would quickly fade away and be forgotten.Well, I can't recall who those critics were, but KISS is still around, and this CD (the one that transformed them from a New York act to a global phenomenon) still sells.There is not a bad song here. Just good and great ones. Kiss put on better stage shows after this, but they never quite captured their live concert feel quite as well on future LIVE CD releases.So, where are all those critics who dissed or dismissed KISS as a 'trash with a flash'? No one cares.Best Cuts: &quot;Strutter&quot;, &quot;Black Diamond&quot;, &quot;Watchin' You&quot;, &quot;Rock Bottom&quot;, &quot;Cold Gin&quot;, and their classic: &quot;Rock and Roll All Night&quot;.
0/0
5.0
1003363200
B000001ESF
In a world run by computers, or more precisely, the people who program and direct the computers, who needs people anymore--except to serve as serfs, slaves, and vassals who support the global governing hierarchy, and who in turn have all their needs provided for by the ruling elite (including all the computerized music and other entertainment they could ever want)?While the world of 2112 as described by RUSH on this CD may never materialize, the themes of freedom v. control, the value of individuals v. the good of everyone, and other libertarian debates will dominate discussions of art, culture, government, and more, until long after 2112 is history, I suspect.While the themes that run as threads in 2112 were revisited many times in future releases, they were never as unified as they were here (although &quot;Red Barchetta&quot; from &quot;Moving Pictures&quot; sounded eerily close to the world which may soon exist if the 'Kyoto protocols' and U.N.'s 'Wild Lands' proposals are made into law across North America).As a concept CD, this is on par with &quot;Tommy&quot; (by The Who) and other major rock works which expanded on a single theme (or several closely related ones).RUSH had a lot of great songs after this, and several very good CD/albums, but 2112 remains their major defining musical work.
4/4
5.0
983145600
B000001EY6
Joan Jett and the Blackhearts have to be one of the best kept secrets in rock music. This selection has their best known songs, including their only real &quot;hit&quot;, I LOVE ROCK AND ROLL, from way back in 1982. If you've never heard the songs here, consider yourself deprived.A marvelously insouciant set, starting with &quot;Bad Reputation&quot;. At the time it was written, Joan Jett was fresh out of The Runaways -- no contest here, they were [and remain] the all time best 'chick band' in rock history. And it gets better from there; with killer versions of &quot;RoadRunner&quot; (the song by The Modern Lovers, not the old Junior Walker tune of the same name), and &quot;Cherry Bomb&quot; [a Runaways tune], along with some movie songs; &quot;Light of Day&quot; and &quot;Love Is all Around&quot;. In between, there are some really great (but rarely-heard-on-radio) songs by The Blackhearts, including &quot;I hate Myself For Loving You&quot;, and of course &quot;I Love Rock and Roll&quot;.After listening to this CD, it ooccured to me that it really belongs on a 100-best-of-all-time list (where it could displace one of the obvious-filler CD's that's usually put on such lists).Dave Marsh's liner notes got it right: Joan Jett is the female Chuck Berry.
8/10
5.0
970099200
B00008OLYQ
DEATH BY STEREO were recently in concert with Soulfly (AUSTIN, TX) and some local bands. They were totally manic onstage, looking like 5 guys on too much caffine -- the show was so bad that at the end, people seemed to be cheering BECAUSE it was over. The vocalist was so obese that most people thought a clown suit would have been more appropriate than the tight fitting outfit he had on. The bassist was appropriately dressed in black -- the band died in concert. Everyone else seemed to be out of place as well.The CD reveals what's wrong: competent instrumental playing, but no real songs. The vocalist sounds like he has a sore throat, and most of it sounds like it was hastily written for a high-school 'battle of the bands'.Since this is farce, once is enough. Repetition only wears out the welcome and drain the humor from the farce.
3/6
1.0
1111968000
B00002644Z
Pure Holocaust is a quantum leap improvement over Diabolical Full Moon Mysticism (Immortal's previous album). Mainly, its a function of better production skills and engineering that sharpens up the recordings. Pure Holocaust sounds raw and brutal as a result.Most inexperienced metal bands forget that high-volume live performances are severely reduced on LP's or CD's, where the typical playback system can't reproduce anything approaching live-music volume. The results are a thin-buzz guitars, hollow-thud drumming, and a loose muddy bass sound. Here, ther is better separation of guitar, bass, vocals and drums than on prior recordings, making 'Pure Holocaust' sound less like amplified distortion and more like music.While this album doesn't have the garage-demo quality that marred most 1990's Black & Death metal, it still failed to capture the intensity and power of Immortal's live preformances. NOTE: The LP version of 'Pure Holocaust' has much better ambient playback sound than does the CD. The CD mix is too tinny and thin--especially the guitar parts. That's why I give it 4 stars instead of 5.There are 3 people on the cover, but the actual drumming on this LP was done by 'Abbath' (Immortal's bassist/vocalist). Drummer Matt Grim was hired ust in time for the cover-photo-sessions it seems. The guitars were played --as always-- by Demonaz.This is BLACK METAL (explicitly anti-religious, and self-glorifying) in full fury and intensity. Unlike DEATH METAL, which focuses on how life is hopeless and the world is against you), this starts with a premise of 'f*ck all that: I'm making my own rules here...'. Unlike the posers, who lapse into 'burn the churches', 'kill a priest', 'F*ck jesus', 'I hate Christians', and other cliches, this is an assertion of Nordic pride: A Satanic proclamation that Chrisitanity is the despicable religion of Roman slaves; unfit for real men and people of honor.The music:"Unsilent Storms in the North Abyss" (first song) is a black metal assault: furious, angry, and full of foreboding. And most songs here maintain or extend that mood. But there are occasional extras: the keyboard opening for "As the Eternity Opens", for example. There are plenty of pounding drum rhythms (not just beat-and-bang like a RAP album has), and furious bass riffs that accompany. The closer, "Pure Holocaust" would make a great soundtrack ending for an earth-is-being-destroyed movie. Occasional ambient touches hint at later experimentation (mainly on 'Battles in The North' -- IMMORTAL's next album). They also hold attantion on 'Pure Holocaust', long enough to make you want to hear all of the songs. That has become a big problem for most black-metal and death-metal bands: sales are negligible because the music is not interesting, and 'it all sounds the same'. "The Sun No Longer Rises" uses the long arctic nights as a metaphor for the destruction of (a superior) Nordic culture by (an inferior) Christian culture.The title cut extends on a theme that became associated with eugenics and racism, but which is a core concept in black metal and Satanism: that right triumphs over wrong when superior people decide to displace and obliterate their inferiors -- especially if those people are in positions of authority. This proved problematic, since 'The Holocaust' is associated with Nazism, and many people wrongly assumed that IMMORTAL was praising Nazi Germany. Fact: IMMORTAL never was in any way associated with neo-Nazi groups.In what proved to be a marketing disaster, the band's stage-makeup appeared a lot like that of KISS, and American efforts to promote the band portrayed them as "Norway's KISS". KISS is a party-rock band, and the marketing went completely awry--totally off target-- and failed completely. IMMORTAL thus became a casualty of the brainless record company A&R; staffs, dimwitted radio Program Directors, and know-nothing tour management companies.While 'Pure Holocaust' is not explicity built around the fictional land of 'Blashyrkh' (Mighty Raven Dark) it does hint at that theme (which dominated 'Battles in The North). The themes in Pure Holocaust have been echoed recently by KREATOR, on their 'Violent Revolution' and 'Enemy of God' albums. But unlike Immortal, KREATOR seems content to stick with the empty sloganeering common to demonologists, rather than engage in overt expressions of Satanic ideas.Many fans consider 'Pure Holocaust' to be the best Black Metal since Venom. Immortal's approach and sound are very different from those of the early black metal bands: here, Satanic ideas are directed toward explicity earth-bound applications. Well worth picking up, new or used. Personally, I recommend the LP's for better playback sound, if you have a good turntable, a "Hi-Fi" stereo, and great speakers.
19/23
4.0
1133222400
B00008ENSR
Creed Taylor uses his heavy hands to nearly murder a bunch of classic songs. Fortunately, George Benson had enough talent to overcome the stifling production.
4/13
3.0
1023062400
B00004TE2J
THis CD has a very 'upscale sound'; it lacks the edginess of Bedrock and the really hot Ibiza tracks, but overall it's quite danceable.Very Well done, but the &quot;Northern Exposure&quot; slickness is beginning to sound a little dated.
0/1
4.0
968371200
B00000DYFH
Ultravox had 2 distict phases. The first (and better) with John Foxx fronting the band, and the second which has been totally forgettable. Their first CD, ULTRAVOX! showed a great deal of promise, and with Brian Eno producing, it was an auspicious debut. Ultraxox seemed to fall apart with &quot;Ha Ha Ha&quot; (theirn2nd release), but came back very strong and convincingly with SYSTEMS OF ROMANCE. Produced by Steve Lillywhite (U2, Tom Petty, and others), this CD seemed to signal that the band was on its way. Then, John Foxx and the others split up, and neither apart was equal to the sum of the parts together.SYSTEMS OF ROMANCE was Ultravox' 3rd, and by far their best, CD. Musically, they were somewhere between David Bowie, the Talking Heads (but without that band's quirkiness) and the Cars (but with a much more intelligent set of lyrics and far more interesting musical ideas). Visually (with John Foxx) they were a lot like Japan and David Bowie.I reluctantly gave this CD 5 stars for its music, but caution listeners: the engineering and sound quality is abysmal by today's standards. This is one CD that absulutely screams to be remastered from the original master tapes, using today's state of the art technology. Because Ultravox was not a big selling group, the record company (Island) just grabbed some tape and whipped out a CD once vinyl LP's were no longer selling.While there are several experimental tunes, some of which work better than others, this CD has remained surprisingly contermporary and modern sounding since its release in 1980.Buy it, and then write a scathing letter to the people at Island Records telling them they need to improve their shoddy product quality. Or, write a scathing letter, and then wait for the remastered version to be issued.Outstanding tracks: SLOW MOTION, QUIET MEN, MAXIMUM ACCELERATION.
8/8
5.0
983232000
B0009K33M8
As a long time fan of Rory Gallagher's music, I was eagerly awaiting this release.There is nothing bad here. But the selection of material is completely inadequate: instead of showcasing a great talent, this 2 CD set may only serve to destroy Gallagher's commercial potential. This collection is a faint echo of Gallagher's work, not a brilliant showcase.Needed are more TASTE cuts, and far more cuts from Gallagher's timeless works, including 'Irish Tour 74', 'Live In Europe 72', and 'Calling Card'. Other excellent, but under-represented, works include 'Top Priority', 'Fresh Evidence', and other major works. It's hard to believe that Gallagher, who recorded with Muddy Waters, Albert King, and other blues legends, left no previously unreleased tracks behind.Another problem with this collection is the mastering: most of the songs here sound like a collection of demo-recordings. WIth all of the high-tech remastering equipment available, and the growing number of skilled digital music engineers, there is no real excuse for the hack-job mastering on a premium priced package like this. What appears to be pure laziness (on the part pf the producer) and/or penny-pinching cheapness (on the part of the record company) combine to do great dishonor to the artist here.As a long time fan of Rory Gallagher, I am underwhelmed by the content of this release.
37/42
3.0
1121644800
B000040P2V
..OK, it's for gay boys, so there aren't any girls anyhow. Well, if the party was as much fun as this mix suggests, then I guess we can all hope to attend at least one such Circuit party -- soon!Circuit faves that look like they'll become the next generation of standards are present here. 'Unspeakeable Joy' (Kim English), a terrific cover of 'Here Comes The Rain Again' (Sheryl Lee Ralph), '9PM-Till I Come' (ATB), and several other song, just leap out and demand to be heard again. Party On dudes... All the really Buff guys; take your shirts off and Dance til you drop. And I'll make sure to catch next years' Circuit party.
2/2
5.0
969840000
B0002Q9VFW
While the engineering and technical aspects of the production are no where near as high-quality as contemporary digital recording allows, this CD remains one of my all time favorites.The remastering is a big sonic improvement over the original CD; the guitars sound raunchy, but clear (as if the amps are right in the room), and the bass, drum &amp; voice all have both good spectral and good spatial separation in the stereo mix. The sound is crisp and clean, withough the muffled qualities that marred the initial CD release.Beyond the technical quality, though, the songwriting (and song coviering, in the case of 'Train Kept A Rolling') is very strong, and the playing is assured &amp; powerful. It's probably why these tunes remain huge concert favorites, even thought the music on this CD was initially recorded in the early 1970's.In fact, this CD is so full of great songs, it's hard to pick a 'best cut'. Although 'Train Kept A Rolling' has become one of Aerosmith's 'signature songs', other great tunes include Woman of the World, Pandora's Box, Season's of Wither, SOS (Too Bad), Same Old Song and Dance, Spaced... you get the idea; they're all good. Lot's of double entendres and clever word plays here too in the lyrics and titles.If &quot;Rocks&quot; was a moon shot, this is a successful planetary exploration mission. One wonders how well these songs would sound if Aerosmith were to re-record them today with the current array of hi tech equipment. I suspect, that given the strength of the material, it would just blow away the competition (sort of like these songs do when played live in concerts).
1/1
5.0
973468800
B0000DEN5W
PROTOTYPE 3 is really 2 dance sets: a medium paced trance set, and a high energy cutting edge collection of breakebeat, tance, techno &amp; other related genres.Of the 2 sets, the high energy one seems to work better and showcases Fontaine's skills as a DJ better than the first one does. However, the first set is not to be disparaged. The problem with an all trance set is that there just isn't as much good Trance out there that segues well with other Trance sounds. With most Trance, you usually end up with either a compilation that sounds 'all the same&quot;, or something that sounds like a hodgepdge of audio experiments, rather than a great 'groove'.Seb Fontaine is better than most, and the trance set mostly works, but it never really kicks into high gear (of course many Trance fans prefer those more dreamy, spacey sound textures).While PROTOTYPE-2 was great, this is an improvement: on par with John Digweed's 'BedRock' and Paul Oakenfold's 'Tranceport' work. Fontaine sems to be developing his own 'style' and 'sound'. Hard breaks and thumping beats (120 +bpm) with a mix of Latin &amp; Funk anchoring &amp; driving the mix, and all with that gleaming high-tech sheen that only electronic music can deliver, are what Fontaine mixes best. I can hardly wait for PROTOTYPE-4!WARNING: If you place the 2nd CD in your player, you may never get it out -- due to repeat listens.
1/2
5.0
966816000
B00005261O
Collective Soul remind me of the best days of "Cheap Trick", the best material by "The Cars" and other good 1970's bands. WIth their hard-edge guitar and vocal sounds, also sound a litle like Poison, Ratt, Warrant, and other 1980's metal bands (but without the outrageous hair). The guitar riffs bump and grind, lyrics are simple but that makes them memorable (and there's the added advantage of minimal electronic aural reprocessing, which means that you could do a decent cover version if you want). The drumming is fierce and propulsive, and the bass lines give the mix a 'larger than life' feel. Like The Goo-Goo-Dolls and the present Bon-Jovi lineup, they can cut it live on stage, too.This CD features a good blend of power ballands, flat out rockers, a few punky/new wave sounding cuts, and a few variations that enhance the overall mix. By sticking to what they know, Collective Soul's experiments succeed, rather than falling flat because they were ill-conceived.The best cuts here are "Skin", "Vent", "Why Pt.2", "10 Yrs Later", "You Speak My Language", and "Perfect Day"--featuring Elton John, an unlikely collaborator.The packaging on the CD is probably the only mistake: it screams "Boy Band" (based on looks), and suggests that the CD is full of lame 'bubble-gum' and 'teenybopper' music. I doubt that Collective Soul's fans were put off (they know the band is not going to sell out and do shlock), but the music probably put off the girls who buy "boy band" CD's and the cover art probably caused a lot of potential fans to avoid the CD because it made Collective Soul look too much like the "Backstreet Boys", or "WestLife".MTV and VH-1, both of which have fallen into a pit of musical supidity lately (playing total rubbish for hours on end), ignored this CD completely (just as they ignored "Dosage", the previous CD). The collapse of ratings for both of those cable stations might bring new management and programmers, who understand that you can't force an audience that cares about music to sit and watch really lame "pop" or really dumb "rap" videos.This is defintely one of the best CD's from 2000.
6/6
5.0
1044921600
B00005261O
This CD has a little something for any group rock fans. 'retro&quot; fans will like the 1970's songwriting style, 1980's fans will like the smart look of the band members, 1990's fans will like the high-tech production values, and 21st century rock fans will love the fact that it's a great collection of new material from a band whose talents seem to be still in development (we can expect more and better things from COLLECTIVE SOUL in the future).While there may be no 'monster song' here that will dominate the airwaves, this CD is just loaded with great listenable tunes that kind of grow on you -- they're not something most people will be tired of hearing next year.Unlike some bands who take themselves too seriously, C.S. shows they have a sense of humor (especially in the lyrics to 'Vent'). Elton John joins the boys here for a song --raising all kinds of speculation about whether or not they are gay. It's a perception reinforced by the thme that runs through most of the songs (about being misunderstood, or unloved). But, c'mon, who really cares? Besides, they would not be the first bunch of talented &quot;XY boys&quot; to make a CD.While earlier Collective Soul CD's show a lot of pop and rock sensibility, and showcase some great individual talents on guitar, drums, vocals, etc., &quot;BLENDER&quot; puts it all together into a great package.My guess is that this will make several &quot;Top 10&quot; lists this year, and it will remain a big favorite at the parties among the &quot;in crowd&quot;.Best cuts: Skin, Vent, You Speak My Language, Turn Around
2/4
5.0
972950400
B0000DEN7F
This is a CD that will grow on you over time. My initial reaction to hearing it was &quot;I don't want it .. it's not a 'mix', it's too many different styles thrown together in a hodgepodge. Over time, though listening to it has made me appreciate how subtle Digweed is in his blending of music.Disc 2 seems to be the better one, but they're both very well done. Disc 1 has more vocals, and the beats are more pronounced, but Disc 2 has a mix of trance, techno, breakbeat and related dance genres that makes it a sublime listening experience.It's tempting to apply normal 'review criteria' to dance records, but that's a mistake. Dance music, as the name indicates, is meant to be danced to, not merely listened to (if you just want to sit and listen, there are lots of great classical &amp; jazz CD's out there). As dance music, played at high volume, this CD has quite an effect on a crowd. I had an opportunity to see this firsthand, as an entire club just seemed to burst into high energy after CD2 was spun. THe energy level continued as songs from CD1 were played, and then blended into KEOKI's 'djmixed.com'. Reports from the field: Digweed cleary knows what he's playing and who he's playing for here.While comparisons to the &quot;Northern Exposure&quot; series are inevitable, this is not a CD in the same genre. THe N.S. series explores spacier trance sounds (with spectacular results), while this is very high-tech boys-club techno music. One thing that elevates the John Digweeds, Paul Okenfelds, etc. above their contemporaries is that they never let their grooved degenerate by including &quot;urban&quot; touches; grunts, fart noises, etc. that make the music sound like inner city ghetto blasting. The mixes are clean, high tech, and smart from end-to-end.In my estimation, this is a far better set than the Digweed sets featrured in the recent Global underground series; they just don't kick; they're danceeable, but they sound like &quot;techno for nursing homes&quot; compared to this.
5/6
4.0
962841600
B000002UAO
While RUBBER SOUL may not have received as much ink as Seargent Pepper or other Beatles albums at the time of its release, through th years it has come to be regarded as The Beatles' finest work.Musicologists note that the songwriting is worthy of Bach or other classical composers, and the lyrics can actually stand on their own as poetry.This is no slight against any other Beatles CD, as nearly every one is a musical gem. But Rubber Soul manages to trancend genres in a way that few CD's have, and it's incredible that nearly 35 years after its initial release, it still has the power to delight and thrill people.If 6 stars were allowed, this CD would receive that rating.
2/3
5.0
970444800
B00005HQ9N
While the sound is pure 1970's AOR (Album Oriented Rock), these guys did it better than just about anyone. Better engineering and craftsmanship, and also some superior songwriting, separated BOSTON from most of their contemporaries.While contemporaries like &quot;Journey&quot;, &quot;Kansas&quot;, &quot;REO Speedwagon&quot;, and others had several huge hits, their staying power has not been as great as that of &quot;Boston&quot;. And, to be honest, with the exception of a few songs on &quot;Don't Look Back&quot; &quot;Boston's&quot; own follow-up material doesn't withstand repeat listenings as well as this CD.In the age of comuterized dance music, actual rock sounds may seem almost antiquated to teenage listeners. But to the more mature ears, this is a near perfect synthesis of mellow and heavy rock. Like Led Zeppelin's 4th album, this CD is one you can listen to over and over. Unlike the Led-Zep CD, this never strays too far from the comfortable, and as a result, it is not one that consistently makes a short &quot;all time greatest...&quot; list.But, based on unit sales and airplay, it clearly makes the list of &quot;most likeable&quot; or simply &quot;all time favorites&quot;. The first track, &quot;More than a Feeling&quot;, is one of the 30 most requested and played songs of all time. And, 4 other songs here (&quot;Rock and Roll Band&quot;, &quot;Something About You&quot;, &quot;Hitch a Ride&quot;, and &quot;Peace of Mind&quot;) are listed among the top 200 most requested and played radio songs of all time.Best Cuts: &quot;More Than a Feeling&quot;, &quot;Smokin'&quot;, &quot;Hitch a Ride&quot;, &quot;Foreplay/Long Time&quot;, &quot;Peace Of Mind&quot;.
2/2
5.0
1003363200
B00000DFM1
....there was a rock band called &quot;The Dictators&quot;, whom everyone who knew anything about rock music agreed was one of the best bands they had ever heard.Unfortunatley, there were dark and evil foces lurking in the world of popular music who thought that people needed to here a lot of shlocky top-40 crud. So, The Dictators were forced to languish in obscurity, like many other great rock acts.Oh sure, there were a few fortunate acts like Aerosmith who succeeded in spite of the evil pop meisters who controlled the music business (or the Muzak Bigness or the mmmYouSick Bidness). But most bands were condemend to live in obscurity unless they agreed to play really awful pop music and dress up like wussies in order to please the pop music masters.Well, fortunatley, ther are a few artifacts left behind from the bygone age of real rock bands (in the days before MTV and electronic dance music killed off live rock).BloodBrothers sounds like the CD that Blue Oyster Cult always wanted to do, but somehow never got around to creating. Like &quot;Manifest Destiny&quot; (their prior release, sadly unavailable) this is streetwise, heavy rock for the natives: the ones who don't think too much of &quot;boy bands&quot;, and who recognize that in the world of rock music, females are sex objects (unless they're ugly, in which case who needs 'em?).Check this one out. You may not &quot;live happily ever after&quot;, but you won't be disappointed either.Best cuts: &quot;Baby Let's Twist&quot;, &quot;Stay With Me&quot;, &quot;Faster and Louder&quot;.
6/7
5.0
1003363200
B00000DFQ5
This CD captures Cheap Trick perfectly. The songwriting, playing, and production came together here to create a music set that withstands the test of time extremely well.Unlike &quot;In Color&quot;, which showcased Cheap Trick's pop sensibilities, &quot;Heaven Tonight&quot; is a raving rock CD. From the opening riff of 'Surrender', this CD is a great collection of hooks, melodies, and rhythms for people who think too much of today's popular stuff is awful.Unlike so many contemporary CD's, there is no 'filler' or 'throwaway' material here: it's all very good, and every song leaves you wanting to hear the next one.Cheap Trick released several CD's after this one, and while most had at least one great song, none of them measured up to &quot;heaven Tonight&quot; for consistent excellence from start to finish. While Cheap Trick is a band best known for their own music, The Move's &quot;California Man&quot; is covered here, and Cheap Trick's remake is actually more forceful than the original.Note to Audiophiles: The Cheap Trick remasters show some of the greatest degree of improvement of any set of remasters, in part because the original CD releases were so bad. The engineering here is extremely good, and the mix is really clear. Even if you have the old CD's, this one's well worth the few extra dollars for the improved sound quality.
9/10
5.0
972864000
B00000DFQ4
While it may be totally un-hip to admit it, this has been one of my favorite CD's. The remaster is far cleaner and better sounding than the initial commercial release.CBS had an annoying habit of just grabbing any old masteer, making a digital copy, and slapping ouot CD's, figuring that the buyers were all naive kids who were not audiphiles. Fortunately, someone has apparently gon back and listened to the old CD's, realized they sounded like crap, and remastered a lot of the CBS catalog. All I can say is &quot;It's about time!&quot;.This is a &quot;power pop&quot; collection -- one of the ones that made Power Pop a good term, not one of the later works that gave the genere a bad name. While it is not as 'hard edged' as they sounded live, In Color remains one of Cheap Trick's most listenable and fun CD's.THe cover shot pretty much tells the story here: Sexy pretty boy frontman Robin Zander and a somewhat tougher looking Tom Petersen lounging on a pair of Harley's on the front, and Rick Nielsen &amp; Bunzuelo E. Carlos looking slightly silly on scooters in the back. But wait--Nielsen is the guy who writes all teh songs, and does a bang upm job on guitar, while Bun E Carlos sounds like Ringo Starr--steady as a rock, abd a great anchor for the big beat of the songs. Petersen complements Carlos to flesh out the rhythm section, and Zander can really sing--he still sounds good in case you were wondering.Perhaps the pop touches could have been left off of &quot;Hello There&quot;, which should have remained a straight ahead rock song, like &quot;Southern Girls&quot;. But other than that, I can't think of any changes I'd make to this CD.BTW: If you like this CD, you'll really love &quot;Heaven Tonight&quot;.
2/2
5.0
972864000
B00000EBL3
Great rock bands; ones that produced music that transcended popular tastes and styles, and who made music that outlived any hype or MTV play are, sadly, a thing of the past. &quot;DRAMA&quot;, released in 1980, shortly after the start of the video 'revolution' in popular music, is not only an interesting sample of 'progressive' rock, but features a bit of ironic wit as well.Trevor Horn &amp; Geoff Downes had recently joined YES, and they were best known for &quot;Video Killed The Radio Star&quot;, a pop song that turned out to be more prophetic than even Horn &amp; Downes probably imagined.This remastered version features the Classic 'Yes' sound overall, and some surprisingly strong songwriting. The best known cut is &quot;Tempus Fugit&quot;, but 'Machine Messiah&quot; and &quot;Does It Really Happen?&quot; are equally strong pieces.It is interesting, and somewhat alarming, to note that the progressive music produced by YES and others was most popular with college-age people whose tastes and preferences were moving beyond the teeny-bopper and kids-stuff, when this was initially released (on vinyl LP's, since CD's had not been invented). Yet today, the music is too technically complex to hold the interest of anyone but music students and hardcore music collectors.It appears that video not only killed the radio star, but music for grownups as well.Overall, a very good CD.
4/4
4.0
971913600
B0002Q2LPE
"The War Within" comes from a band in a holding pattern, going no-place. Nothing new, nothing exciting, and more of what's been done before -- by Shadows Fall and hundreds of others.Expectations have been lowered to almot nothing for metal bands these days, so really terrible acts are able to claim that they are major players in one of the dozens of sub-genres that now define "metal". It's getting hard to keep up with all of the niches, but they include "heavy-, extreme-, black-, death-, grind-, industrial-, goth-, speed-, power-, hardcore-, thrash-," and dozens of other flavors of "-metal". I'm not sure how Shadows Fall characterizes themselves. But it really does not matter, since only a few people seem to be listening to most of it.Shadows fall managed to rise above the low expectations with "The Art of Balance", but just managed to meet them with "War Within"."The Power Of I and I" generated a lot of the usual phony online buzz (paid promoters, and a few really dumb kids who do it without pay). But like most internet hypes, it lost credibility as soon as the new album was released. That's the problem with electronic hype: 'virtual reality' is always overwhelmed by REALITY.The initial overall package is extemely good, with a DVD and a sampler CD included, and still at a bargain price. But all of the added media serves mainly to re-inforce the fact that THE WAR WITHIN is just not that good. If it were able to stand on its own merits, then there would be no need to add a DVD and another CD.Like most modern metal music acts, the band members are ugly (piercings, tattoos, obese, bald, old, etc), so they use blurry (or really tiny) photos in the liner notes. They also use obscure-minimalist art on the cover (like Jazz musicians did before they made themselves commercially irrelevant), and the songs are full of depressing, nihilistic lyrics that make one wonder why the band even exists (life is hopeless, nothing matters, eveything falis ... so why try?). They sound like a tired old band of has-beens, not an eager new band that has something fresh to offer.The 3 stars are for the overall package (including a DVD and CD-sampler). The music itself on War Within only merits a strong 2-plus (5 on a 10-scale).
5/14
3.0
1096588800
B000NYMGUA
Madonna's hits are hard to ignore. While her hardcore fans like everything she puts out, most people just like Madonna's 'big songs'. Listening to this CD, it's easy to see why Madonna became such a big star; put out an album every 9--12 months deliver a monster hit or two on every album, and you just can't be ignored.While Madonna's ever-loyal core audience of gay boys and straight teenage girls who came of age during the 1980's will argue endlessly about what her best song is, my favorite here is 'Into the Groove'. Other strong cuts include 'Express yourself', 'Open Your heart', and of course, her '80's signature song, 'Material Girl'.If this ever gets a re-mastering job, it will earn a 5 star rating if the video to 'Material Girl' is included--anyone who would attemt to copy Marlyin Monroe has nerve, and Madonna pulled it off extremely well. It was a daring move, but it established Madonna as a major force in pop culture. Fortunately, she knew when to stop and not carry an analogy too far after making her point -- she never sang 'Happy Birthday' to an American President in a see-through dress [at least, not yet].TO my ears, Madonna is more of an MTV artist than a musical artist here: the visuals in her videos generally overshadowed the music, and often made fair to good songs look just dazzling. Songs such as 'Like a Virgin' 'Like a prayer', and a few other hits just don't stand up as well as other 1980's material without the visuals to go along with them.Recently, Madonna has hitched up with better producers who have brought her better material to sing, and her CD's have shown great depth and maturity (prticularly &quot;Music&quot;, her 2000 release).Still, the music on this CD is the aural equivalent of pizza, beer, barbequeue, ice cream and cake--not good for you, but it tastes so delicious that you want it anyhow.
3/4
4.0
973209600
B00088ZN1A
George Orwell's quote seem especially applicable here.Claudius became emperor of Rome at a time when the corruption of the patricians and government had been institutionalized as part of Roman life.The republic had been abolished, and while the forms of republican government were still in existence, Rome was clearly governed under an imperious and unchallenged tyranny.As the Romans became increasingly alienated from their government, those in government expanded their power and control over the people.While there are vast differeneces in culture and experience between modern Americans and ancient Romans, there are also surprising (and alarming) parallels between the politics governing the two entities. There is a sense that America is in a period of transition; the republic (Land of the Free, Home of the Brave) is being transformed into a command and control police state -- a global army, and the maintainers of a New Wold Order.The days of honorable and admirable presidents and statesmen (Washington, Lincoln, Franklin, etc.) are over, and instead we have corrupt politicians and families seeking to establish hereditary dynasties; in other words, the Republic is becoming an Empire. Decentalized republicanism is giving way to an autoritarian state; representative government is vanishing and being replaced by an administrative bureaucratic tyranny.I Claudius documents the events in ancient Rome from what might be called an &quot;insider's&quot; perspective. Claudius, who appears to have had a stuttering problem, was regarded as stupid by most people in the Roman aristocracy.However, he appears to be 'stupid like a fox'; outlasting and ultimately succeeding his rivals. Put into power by the Praetorian Guard, who murdered the despised Caligula, Claudius proved to be an able ruler who waged a successful military conquest in England (establishing his credibility as a leader among the Roman populace), and was able to keep the expanding power of the Praetorian Guard in check (unlike his predecessors -- Nero &amp; Caligula -- who, despised by the Senate and hated by the people, used the Guard as a tool for domestic terror and control).Graves makes Roman History come alive here. While there is an unfortunate aversion to history among most people, this book reads like a great novel, and manages to captivate the attention of readers in a way that few history texts can.The real value in books like this is the insight they can give into the motives and personalities of those who seek, and those who wield, power. A few are wise and judicious in their exercise of great power, while most are not. If this account is accurate, Claudius appears to have been one of the few.Highly recommended reading
1/3
5.0
960940800
B000EPFPVU
It's been almost five years since their last album was released. Most bands would have lost their fan base after that long a hiatus. But not TOOL. 10000 DAYS is a step forward for the band, and also a return to epic-length rock songs found in early 'roots albums' of heavy metal.TOOL takes several musical chances here, and on the whole they succeed in their efforts. Unlike a lot of heavy bands who seem content to just crank out formula product with one hit, or some lame pop-radio-ready tune, TOOL is taking the composition and performance of music itself seriously. It's paid off well for them: they have several multi-platinum sellers to show for their efforts.Musically, 10,000 days is somewhere between TOOL's 'Lateralus' (heavy, rhythmic song structures), and the music of A PERFECT CIRCLE (politicized lyrics, and long songs).For fans of AENIMA, this CD might seem too introspective or tame. The anger that served as fuel for some of their greatest early works has been replaced with calmer songs that focus more on music itself, than on raw emotion.TOOL is still a very hard-driving band, but with an intellectually driven existential anger. TOOL's introspection is complemented by lyrically tense emotion, brutal honesty, and musical maturity. I think you'll be hard-pressed to find a more listenable metal album released in 2006.
1/2
4.0
1147737600
B000056MKK
Most DJ's are just pretenders: people who just play what is hot on Billboard's charts or what they hear some &quot;hot&quot; club in NYC, London, Hong Kong, Los Angeles, etc. is playing.Junior Vasquez is breaking the mod; setting instead of follwoing the trends. This mix is very good, but (due to copyright concerns), it is not as good as Vasquez' actual &quot;live&quot; mixes [and, of course, most of us don't have teh $million sound system that graces TWILO].JV breaks out of the &quot;House&quot; and &quot;Flaming Disco&quot; generes, and combines great new polyrhythms with the traditional and familiar dance tunes here. Unlike many &quot;underground&quot; DJ's (who all play the same songs, making one wonder how 'underground' they could possibly be), JV plays a mix of music that just works: it segues well, and sounds great [especially on the first disc].Disc #1 is just about perfect. Disc #2 suffers from the problem that has plagued dance music for decades: vocals. While I give the overall set 4 stars, DISC-1 is a Five-star effort, while DISC-2 is only 3 (and that's being somewhat generous).in all fairness, a DJ can only work with the material recorded by others, but the producers need to go out to clubs, and probably talk to fans to determine what really excites them, and moves people out to the dance floor.Recommended, especially for DISC-1... DISC-2 could have been omitted and hardly missed I think.
1/2
4.0
981504000
B000001FZB
A truly awesome collection of music here, from a distant past when song writing mattered.As I listened to teh music and read the liner notes, it occurred to me that Hank Williams would probably not get a record contract today: he wasn't a pretty-boy, and he probably wasn't much for coreographed dancing either ...and, there would be no rumors that he was gay or into drugs (except alcohol -- a substance which he consumed by the barrel, until it killed him).While the engineering and 'production' are downright crude by contemporary standards, there's a warmth to the singing and playing here that simply can't be reproduced in electronically enhanced music.Great songs, like most other great art, manage to survive the initial hype, and become something that those who &quot;know&quot; would never want to be forced to do without. Just try listening to this and picking a &quot;favorite&quot;. I guarantee that you'll have a new one each time.There is not a 'bad song' (in terms of writing) in this 3-disc collection. Artists in Rock, R&amp;B, and other genres have covered Williams' songs, and it's amazing sometimes how well the music crosses genres.The music alternates between being inmspirational, happy, sad, and occasionally, downright depressing. But it's clear that Hank Williams songs have cast a long shadow over country, early rock &amp; roll, and other forms of music. One almost wonders if the country music establishment has not spent the past 50 years searching for the next Hank Williams (or in the case of female country singers, Patsy Cline); someone who could pick up and write great hit songs every week, that people wanted to listen to for years.As a historical document, and as a worthy addition to a music lover's collection, this is an &quot;essential&quot; piece.The real tragedy in this music is not that Hank was sad &amp; lonely, nor that he died &quot;too young&quot; (he was just short of 30 when he died), but that few people today actually can write music, especially lyrics, that stands on its own merits (as opposed to being background for video games, fillers on movie soundtracks, or audio-padding around hits on CD's).
8/8
5.0
959558400
0792193709
''Annie Hall'', Woody Allen's 1977 movie, pretty much defined the 'romantic comedy' genre. The dialogue and writing were witty, and the story was romantic in a way that men and women found enjoyable (and occasionally hilarious). The producers of this movie would have you believe that this too is a 'romantic comedy', but they're lying.The fact that this movie has 'fans' seems to prove Albert Einstein correct*. Either it's proof of Einstein's insight, or it's an attempt to test H.L. Mencken's hypothesis that "No one ever went broke trying to underestimate the intelligence of the American public."This movie is completely moronic, aimed at those on the left tail of 'The Bell Curve', and probably written by adults who taped the conversations at a college fraternity/sorority, b*llsh*tt*ng after the brothers/sisters had a few drinks.There is not a single engaging or likeable character in this movie. The story is idiotic and not at all credible. The premise makes no sense either -- Matthew McConaughey plays an advertising executive who bets that he can make a woman fall in love with him in ten days. If successful, then he'll win a major account that will secure a big career. With this movie, the whole world can now learn why decent people in Austin, Texas regard Mr. McConaughey as an embarrassing local jerk.Kate Hudson was convincing as a brainless rock-band groupie in "Almost Famous", and here she's still the same bubble-brain, but clearly out of her league.I may watch this DVD all the way to its end some day (if someone else lends me another copy). But 20 minutes of Fast-Forward & play convinced me that there is nothing worth shelling out real money for here.* Actual Einstein quote:"In my opinion, only two things are infinite. The universe, and human stupidity. But the infinite universe is only theoretical."
6/11
1.0
1112832000
B0006IU36C
Those who do not learn from errors of others in history ...... Are condemend to repeat them.In a new book dedicated to Ronald Reagan, PatBuchanan has written critical work. His premise is that America has embarked on a dangerous and ill-considered venture to become an Imperial power. The costs of maintaining a global empire will economically bankrupt the country, and as the economy collapses, the political structures that define a republic will have to be abolished in order to preserve the empire. Buchanan's core thesis is that a neo-conservative cabal, allied with Israel's Likud Party, has captured our government and initiated a new crusade against Islam.To bolter the thesis, Pat Buchanan draws on numerous examples from history, where nations pursued dreams of empire -- to their decline or destuction in most cases. But he goes further than most analysts, and notes that the ongoing efforts of the Bush Administration are fomenting terror cell actions and reactions in other countries that will soon result in violent attacks on civilians in the United States.There are several unsettleing arguments made in this book, which can only be ignored at peril.First: the United States grew strong as a country because we had a core culture that was maintained, and a core set of values to which immigrants had to assimilate in order to become citizens. Buchanan says that today, we are a weakened multicultural society -- no longer a nation -- which is dis-united. there is growing risk of the counrry fragmenting in the event of a crisis.Second: The United States benefitted from the failure of European countries to build and maintain empires. Our founders warned against foreign entanglements, and adventurism that required meddling in the affairs of others.Third: The people who advise president Bush are called neo-conservatives, but their idelogical rooots are Marxiust and Tritskyite. They believe in imposing ideology to force change globally. Buchanan caoos the Bush doctrine an American reival of the Brezhnev doctrine (Brezhneve believed in promoting or imposing Soviet communism wherever it could flourish). The Bush doctrine is also revealed to be one of hubirs and arrogance that makes it similar to that of Woodrow Wilson, whose ideas of national self determination led to Nazi Germany, the failed League of Nations, and the internal horrors of Stalinist Russia.Fourth: The Nush Administration, by following the bad advice of neo-conservatives, are undremining the strategic interests of the United States by making war against countries with whom we really have no quarrel. He notes that the diversions in Iraq and elsewhere are leaving us vulnerable to attack and hjumiliation by a rising Chinese militarism. He thinks that a fast war of recapture will be launched by Beijing before 2008 against Taiwan.While some reviewers claim that this book is "anti-Semitic" because it is highly critical of some Israeli leaders, and notes that several of the neo-conservative who wield power in Washington, DC are Jewish, this seems to be a mis-reading of the book. Buchanan goes to great lengths to stress that (whether people like it or not), the fates of the United States and Israel are now inextricably linked for the forseeable future.He goes further, showing how Islamists and anti-Israeli terrorists have also adopted a Bush-like doctrine. Just as Bush declared on 09/20/2001 that the United States would not draw any distinctions bwtween terrorists and those states that supported terrorists, radical Islamists make no distinctions between those whom they dislike in their midst (Jewish Israelis), and those who give Israel support (Americans).Mainly, this is a book that poses deep rhetorical questions, and then provided material for readers to draw their own conclusions. In a chapter that is a must-read (especially for everyone who thinks President Bush should be re-elected), Buchanan asks: "Who are they, the neoconservatives?"When you find out, you will want nothing further to do with the president who sponsored them and gave them unbridled power to launch America into permanent war in the Middle East. "The neoconservatives," writes Buchanan, "are marinated in conceit, and their hubris may yet prove their undoing. And ours as well."Buchanan, a movement conservative for decades, gives a searing indictment of the Bush Administration, and paints a damning portrait of the present masters of the GOP for the abandonment of patriotism (love of country, as defined in its ideals, and Constitution), and conservatism.Patrick J. Buchanan is a patriot who still believes in "the Republic ... one nation indivisible with liberty and justice for all". He argues that the Bush Administration has broken sharply with America's past on foriegn policy, and the costs of builkding an empire are driving jobs & other wealth creation out of the United States, severely threatening our future as a world leading power. He states that the present Bush doctrine for Islamic countries will require abandoning the Jeffersonian priciples (that legitimate governments derive their power from the just consent of the governed).Buchanan concludes that the squandering of America's political capital around the world has caused the USA to go from one of the most admired, to one of the lmost despised nations in less than 4 years. He convincingly argues that the Bush Administration has made America's future far less safe and secure.
28/32
5.0
1094601600
B00005A40X
Afer doing a few movie soundtrack themes that seemed to indicte Aerosmith might be getting ready to retire, along comes &quot;Just Push Play&quot;. While teh cover art is a bit of a put-off (geez, have they gone pop or disco?), one listen and it's clear that while Aerosmith may eventually retire, it's not going to be this year.Musically, this doesn't break any new ground, but then Aerosmith has always been best at bluesy-riff oriented guitar rock. No need to break new ground, just make sure they deliver the goods.Well, here they do it. JUST PUSH PLAY isfuill of the gret guitar riffs and vocal excercising that has made Aerosmith the best American Band going. They're not going to mess up a winning formula: it it ain't broken, what's there to 'fix'?Jaded is the best known cut, but it's not the strongest. I guess that with all the &quot;Boy bands&quot; and other teenybopper music out these days, you have to tone down teh singles to get airplay, even if you are Aerosmith.Beyond Beautiful is a sttong opener, the title cut is also very good. Drop Dead Goregous and Under My Skin evoke the intensity and over-the-top music that made &quot;ROCKS&quot; a calssic, and there areseverela tracks (the aforementioned, and 'under My Skin') which recall the 'GET YOUR WINGS', and 'NIGHT IN THE RUTS' periods.Glad to report that rumors of Aerosmith's retirement have been greatly exaggerated.
3/4
4.0
984009600
B0000062Z9
THe best version of this is the LP. With it's large gatefold cover, Tanya Tucker's sexy curves looked hot in black leather. And then there was the inside... Tanya in a tight red leotard. HOT STUFF -- even by rock and punk standards, back in 1978.The CD is just the music. It's good, but lacks the impact of the original package. Unfortunately, the sexy cover art did not break Tanya Tucker into rock radio, and did not win her a big new audience. Deborah Harry and others had taken Rock fans by storm and TNT was seen as just another cute girl who did Country & Western.I think this is Tanya Tucker's best CD. Countty and western fans might disagree -- if they never like 'rock music'. But without the LP cover art, it's just "the one you play in the car", not the version you pull out at parties.
5/6
4.0
1060387200
B0000DEO4Z
Blade Runner should have been a movie about Singapore. It's got that high tech feel, and everything is multi-story. WHile I am not sure if the place is full of "Replicants" or not, that notion has crossed my mind on occasion. If Darren Emerson is a human, I hope he enjoyed a Singapore Sling at Raffles, Fullerton, or some other upscale locale.Global Underground is teetering badly. After commercial flops from Dave Seaman, Nick Warren, Danny Tenaglia, etc. And one "hit" from John Digweed -- "Los Angeles", which also rivived sales of "Hong Kong"), the label was in danger of becoming irrelevant. So, Emerson's latest has a lot riding on it.Darren Emerson's set at Zouk was far better than what appers on this CD. There are none of his own compositions from UNDERWORLD days, and the really big hits that rally got the crowd out dancing are probably left off of this set due to rights issues and other Lawyer problems.But, as a CD, this is still excellent material. The only way you would know that this is less than the best is if you were there at Zouk on New Year's Eve.CD1 is the better of the pair here. It's definite 5-star material. High energy, funky techno with a Latino feel (incredible as it may sound, Mexican food is all the rage in Singapore in 2001). THe best cuts are the opener "Hablando", "Junior Aspirin", "Spaced Invader" and "Purple".CD2 is OK, but it has the feel of good filler, rather than the snap and energy of the first. "Make Me Do Right", "Magaenta", "Alpha" and "Voices" (at teh end) are the best cuts.This is a very different set from the "Uruguay" Set Emerson put out a few years ago. That featured lighter, somewhat lusher material -- danceable, and listenable. This is more of a party CD: hard edged modern 21st century techno & funk. Will it keep Global underground alive? prbably. It will also indicate one of the future directions that techno needs to take. Digweed: intense, cerebral, dark, upscale, techno-trance. Emerson: Rhythmic, modern, Upbeat, techno-funk.
6/8
4.0
998265600
B000002V1Y
I'm a 'rock fan', and I was just in awe of Frank Sinatra after hearing this CD. There's no substitute for talent, and this guy had tons of it. He may be gone, but his music is going to be with us for a long long time. And that's a good thing.it's easy to see why Sinatra is the &quot;reference standard&quot; against which all singers are compared. After hearing this CD, you will not want to be without it in your collection.
4/4
5.0
970099200
B000B7M8Z2
Not exactly "a masterpiece", but clearly the product of a master-at-work in the horror film genre.Filmed in Toronto, it's an allegorical slam at the Bush Administration, post-911, 2001.*A much bigger budget than the prior "... DEAD" movies means better special effects, and more 'realistic' gore. Very little of the action looked digitized -- Romero's budget was not astronomical, after all -- and most of it is very 'convincing' on-screen. I lost count of the dismemberments, beheadings, bursting entralis, etc. but there are plenty of them. It alos means that paying better actors and taking time for better direction were possible. The editing keeps the pace of the action brisk. But the tension and other set-ups for gore and violence are not shortchanged by the faster pace.It's also a humorous, perverse and hard-edged exercise in movie 'fear and loathing'. Wealth or power confers a license to use of violence to achieve desired ends. Volence levels increase through the movie as the world spins furhter out of control.The movie does have two weaknesses however.The first is that so much of the effort goes to setting the mood, theme, and plot set-up, that the plot itself gets bogged down toward the end.About 70 minutes into "Land Of THe Dead", the movie seems ready to go into full-afterburner max-thrust mode. But instead, the plot sort of drifts aimlessly off. Just when "Land Of THe Dead" seems to be rolling towards a "big finale," it trickles to an end with the energy and excitement of a deflating tire. The end is too predictable and anti-climactic. The last scene left me wondering if the ending on-screen is what Romero envisioned, or if it's just what the nervous movie studio executives wanted. Icf it's the latter, then there is hope that the DVD will be a huge improvement in plot, climax, and resolutions.The second problem is the soundtrack. While it's an OK 'movie soundtrack', it should have been METAL songs, done by METAL bands, not just a set of composed 'movie background' pieces.But on the plus side, this movie is only slightly disappoiinting, and only toward the end. In that respect, it's a lot better than most of the so-called blockbusters of 2005 (Batman, Star Wars, War Of The Worlds, Fantastic 4, etc.).Acting: 8SFX/EFX: 7Plot: 6Cinematography: 7Editing: 7Overall: I give it an 8 on a 10 scaleIf this had been shot in Black and WHite, like the original "Night of the Living Dead", it would probably have had greater impact, visually and otherwise.* A bleak, but darkly-humorous allegory about a society destroying itself from within as the divides between a rich few and a growing number of poor increase and expand.
0/4
4.0
1122249600
B00000EC7E
With the rise of digital imaging, the color shifts of Infrared Ektachrome don't look as exotic as they used to, and similarly, the ability to digitally reprocess audio signals into anything you want, obscures the technical sophisitcation of analog electronic music such as this. Now that visual and aural media can be manipualted by children, however, the results of most modern music and imaging look, well, childish.This is &quot;New Age Music&quot; for the people who understand the technology and its evolution; for the scientists and engineers who actually work on jets, rockets, satellites, etc. Most recent CD's of &quot;New Age&quot; tones are really just digital schlock for unsophisticated users (the ones who think installing a windowed-application running on a PC is a form of programming), or who think that they are like Leonardo DaVinci because they can create colorful montages using some new digital image processor. The technology has evolved, but this spaced-out musical journey is still a thrill. Best cuts are STRATOSFEAR and INVISIBLE LIMITS.While there is a temptation to compare 'Tangerine Dream' to their contemporaries, 'Kraftwerk' and 'Pink Floyd', TD's is in a very different musical approach. Kraftwerk excelled at danceable tunes, and Pink Floyd integrated their music with truly astonishing stage shows, while Tangerine Dream was more interested in exploring the cutting edge of musical sounds.The guitar solos are as &quot;far out&quot; of the mainstream as anything done by Jimi Hendrix or peter Green, and the synthesizer work manages to out-do most modern digital &quot;trance&quot; acts at their own game. STRATOSFEAR has been criticized for not sounding enough like later Tangerine Dream CD's, and frankly, I regard this as a major strength. This serves as more of a musical &quot;sampler&quot;, showcasing the talents of the band, while most recetn T.D. CD's are overdone refinements or extensions on limited musical themes favored by band members.Like the Infrared Ektachrome image on the cover, analog synthesizer music seems to have faded into the past. But then so has most quality art in the &quot;new Age&quot; where anyone with a PC can call themselves a musical composer or visual artist. Still, 'Stratosfear' is a most compelling listening experience, even a quarter century after its initial release.
15/18
5.0
1044489600
B00000EC7E
With the rise of digital imaging, the color shifts of Infrared Ektachrome don't look as exotic as they used to, and similarly, the ability to digitally reprocess audio signals into anything you want, obscures the technical sophisitcation of analog electronic music such as this. Now that visual and aural media can be manipualted by children, however, the results of most modern music and imaging look, well, childish.This is "New Age Music" for the people who understand the technology and its evolution; for the scientists and engineers who actually work on jets, rockets, satellites, etc. Most recent CD's of "New Age" tones are really just digital schlock for unsophisticated users (the ones who think installing a windowed-application running on a PC is a form of programming), or who think that they are like Leonardo DaVinci because they can create colorful montages using some new digital image processor. The technology has evolved, but this spaced-out musical journey is still a thrill. Best cuts are STRATOSFEAR and INVISIBLE LIMITS.While there is a temptation to compare 'Tangerine Dream' to their contemporaries, 'Kraftwerk' and 'Pink Floyd', TD's is in a very different musical approach. Kraftwerk excelled at danceable tunes, and Pink Floyd integrated their music with truly astonishing stage shows, while Tangerine Dream was more interested in exploring the cutting edge of musical sounds.The guitar solos are as "far out" of the mainstream as anything done by Jimi Hendrix or peter Green, and the synthesizer work manages to out-do most modern digital "trance" acts at their own game. STRATOSFEAR has been criticized for not sounding enough like later Tangerine Dream CD's, and frankly, I regard this as a major strength. This serves as more of a musical "sampler", showcasing the talents of the band, while most recetn T.D. CD's are overdone refinements or extensions on limited musical themes favored by band members.Like the Infrared Ektachrome image on the cover, analog synthesizer music seems to have faded into the past. But then so has most quality art in the "new Age" where anyone with a PC can call themselves a musical composer or visual artist. Still, 'Stratosfear' is a most compelling listening experience, even a quarter century after its initial release.
4/5
5.0
998611200
B000003RYJ
ACTUALLY, it's a 3.5 on a 5 Scale (but I felt generous, and gave it 4 stars).This CD has several 'straight' (not remixed) techno/dance/electronica singles which are just great listening, and a few other cuts that simply grate on your ears. This was recorded a few years back, when techno/big beat was more daring and experimental (before it started to sound stupid: like old-ladies &quot;jazz&quot; with a beat added)The 2 versions of &quot;We Have Explosive&quot; by The Future Sound Of London might seem excessive, but the two versions are different enough that they enhance, rather than detract from the overall musical quality. Besides, that song is so good here, you WANT to hear it 2 or 3 times.&quot;Atom Bomb&quot;, by Fluke and a better-than-the original version of Chemical Brothers' &quot;Loops of Fury&quot; are good enough to make you want to play them each again, and again. &quot;Firestarter&quot; by Prodigy, also sounds better here.Buried surprises (good ones), include tracks from Orbital, and Leftfield.What's really mind-blowing is: this is a soundtrack from a video game! Just a bit of warning may be in order: don't listen to this and drive at the same time if there are any traffic police in the area.BTW: This sounded terrific through my new Klipschorns! Thanks to Paul W. Klipsch for his pioneering work in audio engineering over teh past 6 decades.
1/2
4.0
959644800
B00000DGZL
You can just put this on and listen to ALL of it. There are a variety of 'styles', from spacey Pink Floyd/Tangernie Dream sounding stuff, to Heavy dance music. It's all blended in a way that keeps it from becoming dull.I first listened to this while driving across New Mexico (early one morning), and it seemed uncannily appropriate for the barren desert, in the rising sun. A few weeks later, it was equally at home at a party.Now that's an indication of a great CD: one I can drive or dance to (probably not at the same time, though).
1/1
5.0
960595200
B000PC6Y4O
If you're a die hard POISON fan, then add a star. If not, then you'll probably downgrade this by at least 2 stars.I suspect that the people who say they listen to POISON albums for the music are like the ones who claim they read PLAYBOY Magazine for the articles. POISON was like a frat-party version of MOTLEY CRUE (or maybe MOTLEY CRUE were a tough backstreet-kid version of POISON). In any case, MOTLEY CRUE were dangerous and thrilling, while POSION was fun ... and they still are.Here's a collection of songs that POISON performs in concert. Like nearly every other album they've released, it's just party music. THE KINKS said 'it's only jukebox music', and THE ROLLING STONES said 'it's only rock and roll ... but I like it.'POISON was a lot like 1970's KISS re-done for the 1980's. KISS had sci-fi suits and face-paint, POISON had outrageous hair and androgyny. Both were slammed by critics, but won legions of fans who could care less what snooty idiots at 'Rolling Stone' or other magazines thought. Most of the critics are gone and forgotten, but the bands (POISON, KISS, and MOTLEY CRUE for that matter) are still filling venues and selling music.The best cuts are the glam/punk & trash-rock songs:* Little Willy (originally performed by Sweet)* Suffragette City (originally performed by David Bowie)* I Never Cry (originally performed by Alice Cooper)* What I Like About You (originally performed by The Romantics)* Just What I Needed (originally performed by The Cars)* You Don't Mess Around With Jim (originally performed by Jim Croce)The others are a mixed bag. 'I Need to Know' (originally performed by Tom Petty & The Heartbreakers) lacks the nuances that made it a favorite song for fans. the KISS song 'Rock and Roll All Night - (and party every day)' falls a bit short on this CD -- works OK in concert though.'Dead Flowers' (originally performed by The Rolling Stones) is a total flop here. If anyone needs to cover a STONES' song from the late 1960's or early 1970's, they either need to call on Johnny Winter (listen to his versions of Jumping Jack Flash) , or get Keith Richards to play the guitar parts, it seems.On CD, 'We're An American Band' lacks the urgency and punch that have sustained the original version, but again, it works well in concert.So put this in your CD, MP3 or iTunes player, and head on up to Sturgis in August -- ain't nothin' but a good time.
2/4
4.0
1183420800
B00008RUMV
Death Of The West: Murder or Assisted Suicide?This book could be subtitled "How the West Is Being Lost: The 'Culture War' Chronicles"When Pat Buchanan told the United States (or at least those people who were watching the 1992 GOP Convention) that there was a culture war raging in the United States (a battle for determining the future of the nation), the media and the liberals hit the ceiling, and accused Buchanan of every evil and vice they could come up with. ''Death Of The West...'' is essentially a chronicle of how the left has succeeded in their long march through the institutions of America, and demonstrates the validity of Edmund Burke's observation that all that is needed for the triumph of evil is for good men to do nothing.The reasons have become clear: Buchanan publicly stated what liberals and radical leftists had been saying to each other for years. In other words, he outed the radical left by discussing the low-intensity war that had been waged against America's silent majority.Unfortunatley, the person who really should have listened was George Bush, senior. Buchanan was indirectly telling Bush what was critical to winning the election. Mr. Bush did not listen and the rest, as they say, is history. Since the defeat of George Bush in 1992, the culture war was pushed into high gear, and the destruction of western culture was accelerated, Buchanan reveals.In "Death of the West", Pat Buchanan expands on the themes from his 1992 speech and provides a lot of reference materials, supporting arguments and even a few conclusions to bolster his premise. That preimise is that the culture of radical liberalism has polluted and poisoned every institution in America to such a degree that the Silent Majority can no longer afford to be silent.Homosexuals, radical feminists, minority racists, and economic Marxists are now in charge of education, many state,local, and federal government programs, the media, and they are funded through endowments and donations from major corporations or foundations. The radical left has infiltrated and weakened churches, the military and other long-standing institutions. Buchanan comperes them to termites: eating away the house that is America, and saying to readers, in effect: You need an exterminator, quick!The recent attacks on the Boy Scouts, the revelations that Clinton dealt with terrorists, rampant homosexuality and pederasty in the Catholic Church, the fact that dangerous people are free to enter and roam around America are all the results of the destructive culture warriors' activism in Buchanan's view. He states so in this book.Buchanan is often defamed as a "racist", but it is clear that he is not if you read this book. Buchanan has a great deal of respect for people who raise good children, are patriotic, and who support the founding principles of the American Republic -- with no regard to race or ethnicity. But the point he makes is that the nations that have largely defined civilization are in grave danger. Birth rates are dropping sharply in all advanced countries. Homosexuality and abortions are rampant in these nations also. All are the results of advocacy and legal changes brought about by radical leftists. In advancing their causes, the radicals have often found it useful to incite blacks to riot, and to divide states or cities by promoting multilingualism.Buchanan notes correctly that Israel, Sri Lanka, Bosnia, Labanon and other nations that have been internally destroyed by civil war are all multicultural, and all were led by people who preached that diversity, multi-lingualism, multicultualism, and anti-nationalism were positive. His warning: If America believes it can escape the fate of others, it is ignoring the lessons of history, and condemed to repeat the tragedies that have befallen others.The culture war against the west is being waged on many fronts: the media regularly trash and denigrate the values that led western civilization to greatness (while elevating the depravity and degeneracy which has destroyed great civilizations in the past); academia gives intellectual legitimacy to what is in fact intellectual rubbish; and radicals allm over are pushing destructive programs in schools, in communities, nationally, and globally, according to Buchanan. The U.N, a bastion of Marxist anti-western radicals, is being touted as the ideal institution for global government. Buchanan shows how a UN-run world would fast become global tyranny. Buchanan explains that The UN, like many leftist institutions, is full of pseudo intellectuals whose "course of study" is mainly ideology, indoctrination, and intolerance, not reason, logic, or useful facts.Buchanan notes that the key strategy that radicals hope will ensure their success is a "quiet genocide" that relies on promoting feminism, gay rights, easy access to abortions, multiculturalism, racial quotas, western nation disarmament, gun control (civilian disarmament), radical environmentalism, statist marriage-interventions, 'new age' religions, open immigration (also its ideolocal twin, denigrating patriotism) and dozens of other projects which are enthusiastically supported by the radical left. All of these are framed in language of good intentions. Echoing great (western culture ) thinkers of past eras, Buchanan shows how the left has been "paving the road to hell" with their good intentions.Liberals and radicals have worked to divide and destroy the greatness of America, charges Buchanan. The Silent Majority (the people who delivered landslide election victories to Nixon in 1972 and Reagan in 1984, and who put the Republicans in Charge of the U.S. Congress and Senate in 1994) have become a Silenced Majority. Their ideas are ignored and ridiculed by "experts" in media and academia, and not heard at all by anyone. They are ignored by arrogant bureaucrats in all levels of government.As a consequence, Pat Buchanan warns that the radicals are very close to winning the culture war. Buchanan warns that ancient Greece and Rome, two high watermarks of western culture, were largely undermined from within, and it was only after they had been rotted out from within that the barbarians from outside were able to over run them.In the wake of the September 11, 2001 attacks, Buchanan's words take on new urgency and significance. His book is more relevant than ever, since it is now becoming clear that a literal and physical destruction of America will not be far behind the cultual destruction of America (the eradication of western intellectual and cultural traditions from civic and daily life) that is occurring in the culture war.It has been a decade since Buchanan's famous GOP COnvention speech, yet things have changed very little. The culture war that Buchanan describes in this book is still proceeding. The elites in the GOP (and many conservatives) seem to be oblivious, or seem not to care. But the Silent Majority does, and they are looking for leaders who will stop the radicals and others who wage war against western cultural values and traditions.This is an extremely important book. It is especially important that people who care about the future -- for themselves, their families, their descendants, and others -- to read, and understand.This book has become a best-seller because it addresses matters that people do care about, and will continue to care about. One hopes that Mr. Buchanan will deliver a few more convention speeches, and that the tide of the culture war can be turned.The "political earthquake" in France may portend the earthquake to come in the rest of Europe and in America. This is not necessarily an unhealthy thing. As Georges Bernanos wrote of an earlier time, to be a "reactionary" today may simply mean to be alive, because only a corpse does not react anymore - against the maggots teeming upon it.In Europe, there are signs that the people are throwing off the internationalist and multiculturalist influences by electing people like J. Le Pen, and in Holland there is a strong backlash against the flood of paraisitc non whites into white nations. Will the people of the United States arise also? The culture is being swamped and national identities, even languages, are being lost. What is happening in France will be happening to a degree in every country of the West where the first world populations are dying as migrations from the Third World increase.
44/63
5.0
1019606400
B0007D09HO
With most metal bands, the fan reviews typically read more like the newsletters of a religious cult. Everything the band does is praised as a great accomplishment. It reminds me of scenes from Monty Python's "LIFE OF BRIAN", where even losing a sandal was considered a miracle by believers. And then there's that German folk-tale of a boy who cried "wolf" until no one believed him.But in this case, KREATOR really has made the about best album in their long career. So the 'hype' is on target. It's a good follow up to "Violent Revolution"; almost identical musically, but not as strong lyrically. One of Kreator's perennial problems has been the gulf between their live performance delivery (which is absolutely overpowering), and their album recordings (which tend to thrash a lot, but sound unfocused). Beginning with 'Violent Revolution', they hit a new stride in the studio, and with 'Enemy of God', they have a recording that, when cranked up to maximum volume, sounds as good as a live show (make sure your amplifier's volume-control 'goes to eleven').Kreator moved 'thrash' 'black' 'death', etc. metal from the underground to main-stream in Europe back in the mid 1980's, with their "Pleasure To Kill" album. Slayer and Pantera almost did it in the United States.But then the 1990's happened and the result was a h*llish decade of techno, rap, urban-jungle-boogie, pop-chick-singers, boy-bands, etc. Fortunately, the music industry's sales imploded due to the lack of talent. So it's back to metal: the music that sells out stadiums and moves trainloads of product. Fortunately, there are plenty of great 'warhorses' left, and Kreator is about the best in the business after 20 years.Kreator is unlikely to get much US radio airplay even while they are on tour. But it won't matter much, since music fans no longer have much use for all the dead-air programming on commercial radio anyhow.The title/opening track is a nearly anthemic piece with strong choruses to set the pace. The pace never lets up in subsequent songs either. Good lyrics, and some Slayer-esque riff progressions drive nearly every song. Powering the music is a rhythm section (bass & drums) that would earn valedictory honors at any 'school for rock'.Best Cuts:Enemy Of God, Dystopia, Voices Of The Dead, Dying Race Apocalypse, An Ancient Plague.'Enemy of God' is strong enough to do for Kreator what 'Ride THe Lightning', 'Master Of Puppets' and 'And Justice For All' did for Metallica: set them on a path to super stardom. Kreator's views on the idea of god and religion are slightly ambiguous here. But it appears that they consider religion to be a pile of lies and hypocrisy, and that "god" is probably no more credible a character than "Santa Claus". Why else would they parody 'The Bible' with a line like "A savior appears, in a red mask in front of me... And Satan is his name"? Let's hope Kreator never 'gets religion' -- they don't need it at all (and neither do their millions of fans).Some of these really outstanding metal bands whose material rises far above the ordinary should consider abandoning their genre labels (even if they all but defined those genres). The [genre]-metal scene is full of hacks and untalented losers, so there is no need for Kreator to lump themselves back with them.
1/3
5.0
1106006400
1574888625
Sun Tzu admonished those who would initiate a war or engage in wars with powerful opponents, that they must have a realistic strategy for victory. "Know yourself totally, and know your enemy throughly" was his advice. Mr. Scheuer makes a strong case that the official view of Al Qaeda is a grand strategic miscaluclation -- and therefore it is dangerously wrong.The official frame through which the United States and its political leaders have conducted the "War on Terror" is a gross distortion of fact, argues the author. Wherefore, the premise and supporting arguments for the War on Terror are incorrect, the U.S. conduct of this war therefore, has gone completely awry.SInce September 2001, the Bush Administration has claimed that al Qaeda (and radical Islamic groups generally) are are driven by a hatred of modernity; and that hate freedom as it is generally practiced in the U.S.A. That view is completely FALSE, says "Anonymous".Drawing mainly from military books on strategy and the arts or science of war-fighting, "anonymous" methodically shreds the common wisdom and offers a compelling look at counter-terrorism. In a surprisingly frank, but sober analysis, the author notes that The United State is losing the War on Terror. U.S. missions in Afghanistan: "too little ... too late". The (post Saddam Hussein) U.S. mission in Iraq: "a sham ... causing more instability than it prevents".Anonymous' is equally frank in his remedies and strategy for victory, and again draws from historic examples to suggest that what's needed. He states that the U.S. needs to "proceed with relentless, brutal, and, yes, blood-soaked offensive military actions until we have annihilated the Islamists who threaten us."Quoting from William Tecumseh Sherman [Scorched earth policy] and Curtis E. Lemay [Tell tehm we'll bomb them back to the stone age], he makes the case for how to fight a war for victory. As Sun Tzu admonished: never plan for wars or battles unless you are also planning to win them. Harry Truman won World War II with his deceision to use atomic bombs. He claimed that dropping the A-Bombs svoided the need to invade japan, saved at least 2 million U.S and Japanese lives, and that he 'never lost a moment's sleep over his decision.' The War On Terror, is one fraught with indecision, uncertainty, and no strtegic resolve or plan that can lead to victroy. The author is correct in my view, noting that current U.S. leadership is committed to an endless, and ultimately unwinnable war.Esentially, argues the author, Al Qaeda has re-organized since September, 2001. It is no longer a monolthic or centralized network run by a single head. It is a decentralized set of cells and unites that operate both in ad-hoc coordination or autonomously, with the over-riding objectives of destroying their enemies (Israel and the United States), and re-ordering the world under the rule of Islam.His major thesis here is that Islamic and Arabic antagonism to 'the West', and even the non-fundamentalist Arab regimes' passive attitudes toward terrorism, have deep roots. The actions of the Saudi leaders, and their U.S. supporters, are seen as a desecration of Islam in its holy-land, for openers. The contracting for war, and ongoing support for, Northern Alliance warlords in Afghanistan is another affront to Arab nationalists and Islamic religionists. The author is also blunt in noting that Israel is a burden that the United States may no longer be able to carry. He wrtes, "Surely there can be no other historical example of a faraway, theocracy-in-all-but-name of only six million people that ultimately controls the extent and even the occurrence of an important portion of political discourse and national security debate in a country of 270-plus million people that prides itself on religious toleration, separation of church and state, and freedom of speech"."Anonymous" also includes a summarized, and well-annotated list of battles won and lost by the U.S. against al-Qaeda. These reveal a pattern that confirms his main theme. In conjunction with the rest of the text, they are are very informative and useful as quick-references."...I've seen the dogs of war enjoying their feast,And watched the western world go down in the east.The food of love became the greed of our time,But now we're living on the profits of crime ...."(Hole in the Sky)-Iommi, Osbourne, Butler, Ward
8/12
4.0
1121040000
B00006419T
An Insipid and bland collection of songs. Relentlessly mediocre and completely forgettable. Tedious and hard to listen to all the way through. With all the good music out there, you can safely skip this one. &quot;We are all made of Stars&quot; will probably appear on a compilation next year.
5/12
2.0
1023062400
B0002S94OS
Like the BLUE OYSTER CULT, these guys are eager to make you believe that they are "really tough". But they posture so much, that they jsut come off as silly. Lamb Of God sound dull on their CD, but they look totally ridiculous in their videos.They play OK, but there's nothing that hooks and holds attention on this album. Every song starts out promisingly, with a good riff, a sharp beat, or a powerful bass line. But then each track quickly falls into a monotonous rut: the music never goes anywhere, but drones on for several minutes. Albums like this are a major reason why metal has all but disappeared from most Billboard charts, and why metal oriented radio stations can not attract good program directors, are losing market share, and more critially, seeing their advertising dollars dwindle.In 2004, there were dozens of promising metal releases, this among them. Unfortunately, the marketing guys at the record companies geared up high-powered campaigns to sell low-wattage product (like this). The most publicized results were another round of recoed company layoffs (no more tolerance for expensive failures from the bean counters, it seems).Getting onto the OZZFEST lineup did boost LAMB OF GOD's sales initially, but since there is not any memorable material here, the album quickly dropped off the charts. The production over-runs will probably land "Ashes .." in cut-out bins if L.O.G. can not come out with at least one hit song before summer 2005.
2/10
2.0
1104796800
B00000635C
This CD contains the best of the DURAN DURAN remixes available, and it's clearly a must for fans because, it's an excellent package of pictures & liner notes in addition to the music. And, there are a few benefits of ownership when you hit the Duran Duran Web Site as well.I own both this and "Strange Behavior". This gets 4 stars because it omitted the [excellent] remix versions of "All She Wants Is", "Notorious" and a few other later songs -- and I suspect that this is why "essential -|- night songs" is no longer in print (more people opted for the expanded song selection on STRANGE BEHAVIOR than the unique packaging & web-access offered on this CD).A minor point here: I also wish that the verison of "New Moon On Monday" had been placed on the same CD as the rest of the music. But at just over 70:30, the main CD is certainly not "too short", by any strech.Like DURAN DURAN "Decade" which featured superior packaging, but was superceded by "Greatest" which featured more songs, this CD, sadly, has not remained commercially competitive. On the plus side, people who did buy it have what is arguably one of the best dance and pop CD's available.I debated giving this 5 stars, but decided that if it is not good enough to keep in print because it was "outcompeted" by a more comprehensive set, then 4 was all that this CD package merited (if AMAZON.COM ever goes to a "10-scale", this one's a "9"). The 5 star rating would be merited if the remixes of "All SHe Wants Is" and "Notorious" were included here -- but then the package would be so good that fans might not ever buy anything else...
18/18
4.0
1024358400
0399500359
Richard Cavendish wsa an Atheist, and that fact is critical to understanding this book.As a secular person, Cavendish understood that the power of ritual was in its ability to focus attention and energy through the use of symbolic representations, and not in any alleged supernatural powers (e.g. actual demons, gods, devils, etc.).This understanding is critical to Satanists and others seeking to use &quot;low magic&quot; (personal rituals) or &quot;high magic&quot; (public acts designed to create or direct opnions, attitudes, etc.). The ability to control others through the use of symbols (be they flags, images, words, religious icons, or other objects) is a source of great power to the Satanist who understands the proper use and application of symbolic acts.Religion is nothing but lies and hypocrisy, claims Cavendish. Unlike Wiccans and other neo-pagans who make sanctimonius claims on par with Christians and Muslims concerning their supposed &quot;goodness&quot;, a &quot;black magicican&quot; is honest enough to admit to himself (or herself in the case of a Witch) that the purposes of magic are to enhence one's own wealth, popwer, sex life, etc., and to bring about the destruction of opponents, and those who would deny the needs &amp; desires of a Satanist.This is an &quot;unspiritual&quot; book, free of the hypocritical nonsense and pious idiocy that fills most &quot;witchcraft&quot; books. Recommended as a companion to &quot;The Satanic Bible&quot; and other works by Anton S. LaVey.
28/39
5.0
974246400
B0000014XO
I guess Norman G. &amp; Co. may have enjoyed recording this material, but except for his One Hit, this CD is really lame. 'Spirit In The Sky' pretty much sums up religion (buying stairways to heaven on an installment plan), and it's got one of the most recognizable &amp; memorable guitar licks ever committed to tape. The rest is completely disposable--I don't even think you can find it being given away on NAPSTER.Next time a bunch of dope smoking hippies offer you a CD, make sure they are giving you a &quot;full bag&quot; of what it is you're paying for, and not just a load of dry weeds.
5/17
1.0
970531200
B000ETQRCM
Nearly 15 years after TEN, Pearl Jam has finally returned to the strengths of their debut with 2006's 'Pearl Jam'. This is a sharply focused set of impassioned hard rock.There are none of the "arty" songs (or artistic affectations) that generally cluttered, but sometimes enhanced, albums from , VS. (released in 1993), to RIOT ACT (from 2002). What's left behind is the necessary basics: muscular, mildly meandering rock & roll, enlivened by Eddie Vedder's vocal sincerity.Pearl Jam sounds harder and more direct than ever here. Even on TEN there was an arty quality to the music, due in large part to Jeff Ament's 'fretless bass' lines, that kept the record from sounding like a Heavy Metal album. While this is not 21st centruy "Metal" (thrash, industrial noise, with cookie-monster vocals), Pearl Jam certainly does 'rock out' here.The most frcemful songs are in the first half, with tightly controlled rockers like "Life Wasted," "World Wide Suicide," "Comatose," "Severed Hand," and "Marker in the Sand". They give this CD a feeling of tense urgency.That insistent quality and sense of misison doesn't end. The lightly psychedelic acoustic pop of "Parachutes," is where the CD begins to open up slightly. Tthe second half of this recording does have a greater variety of tempos than the first, but it's still heavy on rockers, ranging from the easy swagger of "Unemployable" to the fury of "Big Wave". The twin closers "Come Back" and "Inside Job" recap the album's range and depth. The former is a slow-burning cousin to "Black" that finds Pearl Jam putting "soul" into their sound. The latter is a deliberately escalating epic that gracefully closes the album on a hopeful note -- and coming after an album filled lyrically with righteous anger and frustration, it is indeed welcome.I think that this CD is better than most recent efforts because the songs were developed in front of their live audiences, not recorded first and then tried out in concerts. The consequence of the 'perform live and then record' approach is a set of songs that are far stronger and which have far more listener impact than most recent recorded music.If you have not listened much to Pearl Jam since TEN, then this self-titled CD is a great re-entry point.
4/4
5.0
1147737600
B000095YRR
This CD is a disappointment. It's not bad, but it's nothing special. It's like ''EasyRiders'' (the magazine), not ''Easy Rider'' (the movie). In the movie, the actors are cool and full of daring bravado. They look like they belong on their motorcycles. It's a bit of an adventure. The magazine is just a bunch of fat old beer guzzlers who look like hippos riding kids' bikes.More polished and produced better than their debut, but the songs just hang in the air. The inventivenes and sense of adventure in the music that made the debut exciting is just not here.Every song here starts out strong, with a good riff or intro. But the production makes them all become monotonous. Even though these songs are shorter (on average) than those on the debut, they seem m-u-c-h l-o-n-g-e-r.The first one evoked comparisons to MC5 and newer hot underground bands (The Strokes, The Hives, The Vines, The Libertines, The D4, The Raveonettes, etc.). You can listen to the first B.R.M.C. CD over and over, and it still sounds ''kinda kool.'' This one is too generic sounding to care about after one listen [ ... yawn ... next CD, please]. Too much protesting and anger (with no hits) is a losing formula. I expect B.R.M.C. to fade off into obscurity soon.
2/8
3.0
1065744000
B000002WWJ
Outlaws are often the stuff of country and western songs.In the annals of popular music, this CD is a bit of an outlaws tale. After this album came out in the mid 1970's, Nashville's total dominance of Country &amp; Western was ended. Austin Texas, a sleepy small town in the middle of the Lone Star State, became a rival center for country, blues, rock, and other music genres.Willie &amp; Waylon contribute most of the sound, style, and songs here. Perhaps this is to be expected, since they were already &quot;names&quot; at the time this CD was originally released: Waylon as a performer, Willie as a songwriter. But Jessi Colter has a great voice, and Tompall Glaser provides great instumental accompaniment as the rhythm section.Willie and Waylon were pure gold after this, and while Jessi Colter &amp; Tompall Glaser were not heard from much afterward, they do live on here.Waylon Jennings had several big singles and successful concert tours after he and Willie Nelson went their separate ways. But even so, his biggest applause came when he did the tunes from this CD. Sadly, Waylon Jennings declined and was in ill health during most of the 1990's. Willie Nelson has managed to sustain a career full of comebacks -- the IRS, marijuana arrests, and an occasional flop album have all failed to stop him from becoming an (admittedly unlikely) popular folk-hero.Like &quot;The Weavers at Carnegie hall&quot;, which is often credited with launching a folk music revival, and the early Beatles &amp; Stones albums which generated interested in anything that came from England, this album is often credited with the birth of &quot;alt Country&quot;.Because of its maverick style and content (more radical at the time than today), it has retained or obtained a status that few country and western CD's ever do: IT'S COOL.
38/40
5.0
1037318400
B000GLO7I4
If you ever suspected that &quot;religion is all nonsense&quot;, then you will enjoy this book. Religion IS nonsense, says author Anton La Vey; the only 'religion' that makes sense is one in which you show by your lifestyle and habits that you are worthy of being considreed a &quot;god&quot; in the minds of others.Satanism is not about killing and bloodshed or any of the other silliness depicted in Hollywood movies &amp; TV shows. Satanism is adherence to a few key principles and dealing with life as it IS rather than as some religionist says is should be. Satanism is a lot like Atheism: both stress the importnace of reason, and recognize the dangers posed by stupidity, solipsism, self-deceit, and other faults. In fact, Anton La Vay and Madalyn Murray O'Hair were close associates back in the 1960's and 1970's when they were building their organizations.Ulnlike the phony religions which speak of &quot;spiritual&quot; and other worldly existence,a Satanist is much more interested in having people enjoy life here and now. Satanism recognizes that there is no value in attempting to convert or elevate people; if they're too stupid to want to be rich and powerful, 'to hell with tehm&quot;, says the Satanist. hence, you are unlikely to find any Satanic homeless shelters or poor houses.You will however, find that Satanists and people who apply the principles of Satanism as expressed in this book are in positions of power and leadership in government, business, entertainment, and many other fields.One thing that La Vey streses is that Satanism works best when it is well concealed. Satanism can be as good a show as any other religion, but the truly &quot;black&quot; magician will ensure that his most powerful acts are shrouded in secrecy and that he practices adroit misdirection in order to ensure that the less powerful are proberly manipulated.In addition to being a good example of some clear thinking in matters of philosophy &amp; religion, THE SATANIC BIBLE is also entertaining.
9/11
5.0
974073600
B00007BH9A
The Beach Boys inspired "The Endless Summer" and Steppenwolf became rock legends thanks to "Easy Rider". The Raveonettes blend the free-love 1960's with the high tech tech world of the 21st century to deliver an updated, fresh -- but still classy and classic disc full of tunes.The Raveonettes sound hot from the first chord on this EP. So I waited a few days before listening again, just to see if they really are the real thing. They are. Drawing heavily from groups like The Ramones, The White Stripes, Dick Dale and Cheap Trick, overall the package is the best new ROCK (as opposed to POP) music in some time. Better songwriting and vocal talent elevates them above recent acts like The Vines and The Hives, and being able to capture their live energy in a studio setting makes this CD cooler than The Strokes' "Is This It?"You can go back and listen to this, and fall head over heels for the songs and sound again too, drawing satifaction from knowing you were right the first time. The Raveonettes make tight blazing garage/surf/punk shaded rock of the top order: the kind that can quickly become a personal favorite -- and maybe even spawn a radio hit or two.Songs here are heavily drenched in Dick Dale twang, with a hint of great girl-group pop, and even Velvet Underground like noise (singer-bassist Sharin Foo adds that Nico-ambiance big time). But the Raveonettes played it all at once. It was like listening to out-takes from ''Nuggets''. Best cuts: "Attack of the Ghost Riders," "My Tornado" and "Beat City."What makes me think that these guys will hit the big time? The Raveonettes deliver what's missing from most current garage/punk: good vocals. Lots of groups howl, yelp and stomp. But Wagner and Foo sing together in a compressed, modal boy-girl blend, against hurricane feedback and booming trebled bass guitar. It sounds like Ramones fronted by Deborah Harry or Avril Lavigne.Get it now, and join the buzz. You'll pat yourself on the back for being on the cutting edge later.
4/5
5.0
1043366400
B000001H05
I bought this CD just to have some classical music to listen to while driving across the deserts of the western US (classical radio stations are, alas, not too plentiful in rurual areas). It was on sale and looked like it would be reasonably good (how could one go too wrong with Mozart anyhow?). It also featured several selections I did not have on other CD's, so it would be a good addition to the Mozart section, I figured.I had no idea a 'budget' CD could be this good. Whether or not this actually tunes your brain as the producers claim, the music is just stellar. Mozart was one of history's great composers, but the selection of works here is just astonishing in scope, composition, and variety. The performances and recording quality match the quality of the music too. This CD works as a &quot;Mozart conoisseur's&quot; collection.While these are not Mozart's best known or most popular selections (The Marriage of Figaro, Ein Klein Nachtmuzik, etc. have to be located elsewhere), every song on this CD is a masterpiece -- living up to the descriptive line from &quot;Amadeus&quot; ('..Displace one note and you would only mar perfection...').Even if you already have a sizaeable classical collection, this CD is a very worthwhile addition. At a bargain price, it's a real deal--almost a steal.
22/22
5.0
972950400
B000HN7MCO
Nirvana Burned -- White hot. This is easily the best CD released in the 1990's. It's angry but not hateful or bitter, intense but not preachy, and musically, it just plain blew away everything else that was out at the time.How great is this CD? I remember the day this hit the streets, it started playing in a music store, and nearly everyone in the store spontaneously went over and picked up the CD from the shelves -- bought it on the spot after hearing &quot;Smells Like Teen Spirit&quot;. As we stood in line to leave, we all kind of looked at each other in amazement (but the real amazement was on the face of the store owner who had never seen anything like it in 20 years).The rest, as they say, is history.Amazon doesn't have 6-STAR ratings, but if they did, this CD would rate.
1/1
5.0
967161600
0735618674
Like the old joke, MSFT press delivers a complete set of information, but in a form that makes it completely worthless.Everything you would ever need to know about WSH, ADSI, LDAP, and VBscripting for Windows 2000 is in this book. But the writing is excruciatingly dull (tedium ad-nauseum), the organization of the material is non-existent, and it has a very poor index. All of that makes getting the information you need, when you need it, very difficult (or a matter of luck).Seriously, this book is so execrably written and edited (and badly organized) that I think MSFT should either outsource its publishing, or just exit the book publishing business all together. Putting out mountains of gobbledegook and jabberwocky is bad for MSFT's public imagem (the main beneficiaries are the independents who seem to live for the purpose of attacking MSFT). I suspect MSFT realized how bad it is, since no people are named as authors or editors. No surprise: after all, there's nothing worse for a writer or editor's career than a book like this. One that is both un-readably dull and so badly organized that is seems to be a bunch of scrambled ''post-it notes'' strung together.There are better books for WSH, LDAP, ADSI, and VBscripting in Windows 2000, from other I/S book publishers.
13/50
3.0
1060387200
B00005J8JH
After having these recordings available as bootlegs for years, fans can finally get these BBC performances on top quality CD's.If there's any doubt about why Led Zeppelin wielded the &quot;Hammer of the Gods&quot; from a commanding position in the 1970's, the BBC sessions provide some revealing insight.The performances here are just incredible: energetic, intense, and brilliant. Led Zeppelin was on a mission here--to replace the Beatles and the Rolling Stones as the #1 rock music act in the world. Judging by subsequent concert attendance and recording sales figures, it appears that they largely succeeded.Disc ONE features short segments from a variety of BBC appearances. Disc Two features a full BBC concert recorded in early 1971, just before the release of LED ZEPPELIN's 4th album (the 'ZOSO' or 'runes' album, which actually had no album title).It's interesting to see the change in songs like Dazed &amp; Confused, Whole Lotta Love and other big LZ hits over time; teh earlier performances sound close to the studio LP versions, but with a little bit more 'kick', while the later versions are major concert productions--anchor pieces around which the band members showcase their individual talents as well as group strength.While there is no video to accompany any of these recordings (like there is in &quot;Song Remains The Same&quot;), the audio quality and the quality of the performances are both far better here. Even the surviving members of Led Zeppelin regret that there are so few documents of their live performances. Various bootlegs, and the few official live CD recordings (&quot;BBC Sessions&quot;, and &quot;Song Remains The Same&quot;), and accounts from fans, all suggest that Led Zeppelin was an awesome concert act.It's interesting to contrast the live versions of songs here with the versions recently released by the Black Crows, with Jimmy Page playing guitar. In a word: the Black Crowes CD is crap, and only serves to show why Led Zeppelin became rock superstars while the Crows are probably headed for pop oblivion.Led Zeppelin's BBC performance -- better late than never. &quot;Aint nothing like the real thing&quot; --and this CD is it.
8/10
5.0
968198400
B00000099A
While the tunes here are all from the mid to late 1990's, they were cutting-edge in nearly any sense of that term. In the late 1990's, Trance and related techno styles wer all the rage at &quot;RAVES&quot; and all-night clubs. But while the music was becoming more popular, it was also losing its edge for the most part, as global entertainment conglomerates stripped it of its edginess and energy, preferring instead radio-friendly pap and popish vocal stylings.This set is the wild, untamed, raw stuff; straight from the digital music underground, but crafted as well as any high dollar record company's output.Highly recommended. Even thought the 1990's are history, this CD still sounds fresh.
1/2
5.0
981590400
B00000648Y
LIZ PHAIR "Exile in Guyville" is at best a demo disc -- mainly aimed at stoned-out hippies and 'rug munching' feminists who blame men for their problems. Maybe "Lizzie's Lezzie Laments" or "I Gotta Lotta Chips on My shoulders" would have been more appropriate album titles.To begin with, it's unlistenable -- the vocals sound like someone practicing in the bathroom -- off key, not well structured, and sloppily delivered.The instrumental parts sound so generic, trite and un-inspired, that it's probably best that they're mixed down a bit. They remind one of summer camp sing alongs or the lame folkie-stuff they play at 'progressive' churches.The lyrics alternate between whining about others (the first 2 songs, anmong others), to whining about being unappreciated ('Canary', [...] And Run', etc.) to generic whining (most of the other songs).If Liz Phair is an exile in guyville, then it seems it is by her own deliberate choices.It's obvious why she's been sidelined, and why no one (except dorky music critics) thinks she's even close to being cool. No ROCK Fan will find anything redeeming about this collection of reject-songs. They were ignored upon initial release in 1993 -- and deservedly so.Addumdum:based on the feedback, it seems more people read (and raacted to) this review than bought the actual CD. The fact that people can't even get $0.01 here on Amazon.com speaks volumes -- the public agrees with this review, and has not bought the hype (or the CD).
7/71
1.0
1216684800
1892041197
Like the old joke about Chinese Food, &quot;Eat and half an hour later, you're hungry again&quot;, this book leaves a reader with the sense that the money for the book was not well spent.With Abercrombie &amp; Fitch catalogues and at least a dozen fashion-oriented magazines featuring photography that's as good (or better, depending on your tastes and preferences), this book is not worth getting excited aobut...probably the reason it's out of print.David Morgan, Patrick McMullan, Bel Ami, and several other photographers have far better 'product' availabl...
6/16
2.0
983750400
B0000070M1
...there might be a planet where radio stations play great music. Until we find that planet, you'll have to check out CD's and other media.&quot;The End Of The Game&quot; is Peter Green's foray into something that is truly genre bending. Is it Jazz? Rock? Blues? Is it Ambient music? Or is it variations on Folk melodies? It's a bit of all of the above, and the terms &quot;mind expanding&quot;, or &quot;stunning&quot; come to mind upon listening.The expansive musical exploration suggests why Peter Green and his former bandmates in Fleetwood Mac evenutally parted company. Fleetwood Mac wanted to play more traditional and familiar blues variations and rock tunes, while Green seems as if he wanted to fuse the improvisations of Jazz/rock musicians like Frank Zappa and John McLaughlin, with the blues of early John Mayall and Jimi Hendrix at his peak.The music here is wordless, and it is as compelling as anything released by the likes of John Coltrane or Miles Davis. Because it is not easily classified as to musical type (rock, blues, or jazz are all equally applicable), it is not &quot;radio friendly&quot;, and probably doesn't fit into any pop or other contemporary radio formula--so don't expect to hear it on most stations.&quot;The End Of the Game&quot; is probably a bit too &quot;far out&quot; for many listeners' tastes, like most of the output by the aforementioned jazz legends. Like a lot of jazz and ambient music, this is not a collection of catchy melodies and clever hooks. Unlike a lot of avant-garde music, though, this stays based in blues chord and rhythmic strucutes and never drifts into the &quot;wierdness for the sake of wierdness&quot; realm that ultimately sinks most expermimental music.Of Green's subsequent CD's, only &quot;In The Skies&quot; even comes close to this. While I liked the songs, rhythms, and melodies on &quot;In The Skies&quot;, it left me with none of the sense of exploration and adventure that this CD does.This CD holds up well to many repeat listenings, and all but demands to be digitally remastered.
57/57
5.0
1007337600
B0009A1B7C
People who like SYSTEM OF A DOWN for their music will probably not like this CD. Music takes a back seat to (George W.) Bush bashing, oppositon to the Iraq war, and several other opinons about contemporary politics. That might make the album a big seller with Democrats and liberals for the summer of 2005. But since the 'important' political issues change with every new election cycle, this CD will probably seem ridiculously out of date next year. "Mezmerize" is probably SOAD's most-likely-to-become-a-cut-out album.Musically, the discordant harmonies and oddly keyed melodies that made "Toxicity" a success just seem like a gimmick on "Mesmerize"; a vehicle for advancing the political message here. It was new and different in 2001 and sold over 6 million copies. But SOAD erred on "Mezmerize" by trying to essentially re-release "Toxicity" with new lyrics. If the songs had interesting melodies and compelling rhythm lines, the lyrics could probably be ignored or at lease overlooked. Unfortunately, the music sounds like it was composed by one of those song-generating programs that the vendors claim can synthesize a new hit by integratig components of previous hits.In short, SOAD's political emphasis seems to have caused them to neglect their music.System of a Down might become the "Iron Butterfly" of the 2000's: a wanna-be-superstar band that made a big impression once, but which was quickly forgotten when they took themselves too seriously and believed their own hype.
3/12
2.0
1116460800
B000003TA6
The Arc Angels are back together and playing live again. As a live act, they sound like the 'super group' that record company hype asserted they were. But this recording is a case of under-achievement. The production is restrained, and too cautious (recorded before the band's material was fully developed in front of live audiences). Consequently, it has a 'manufactured' quality that makes a lot of late-1980's/early 1990's rock sound stale today. The lifeless, stale quality of so much rock music from that era led to rock's decline and the rise of Rap & Techno.This is definitely a case of "paint by number" production. Techncially, every element is done right. But while the notes are all present, and the songwriting is good, the music is bland and this CD falls flat. "Litte Steven" might have strong production talent, but he was definitely a poor choice for this band.It's probably time for the band to either release a live album of this material, or record a completely new album. This CD should be kept as a reminder that people who produce "by the numbers" can only deliver generic sounding commodity-music products. Too bad the Arc Angels bid for super-stardom was wrecked by a warmup-act quality recording.
7/18
3.0
1136419200
B00005UF35
Johnny VIcious is capable of far better than this CD suggests. Too bad, because this is probably going to be the first time many people have heard "Johnny Vicious" material, and we all know how long first impressions last. After caareful evaluation and thought, this 2CD set seems designed to appeal to older women who attend aerobics classes, and maybe to older gay men who remember the 1970's/1980's as a great time. But it sounds like a major case of underachievement compared to what else is available.Disk #2 is great techno with a trance-feel. But Disk #1 is a couple of nice contemporary dance hits with a bunch of really queeny disco filler thrown in. If this had been a one-disc [DISK #2] set, it would easily have rated 4 stars.Fans of Disk #2 material will find far more rewarding song and mix selections on ALTERED STATES VOL 2 (mixed by Jon Cowan & Mike Hiratzka) or POLITICS OF DANCING (mixed by Paul Van Dyk).Fans of Disk #1 material are a different crowd, and perhaps for them this IS a great selection. But it seems to be such a throwback to the 1970's or early 1980's.
7/12
3.0
1019952000
B000026KGJ
It happens to all pop acts eventually: they run out of nmusical ideas before the record company runs out of promotional ideas.Except for a few tracks, this CD is basically generic filler material. Not quite danceable, not really memorable, and not exactly a first choice listening experience.The &quot;Thunderpuss Remix&quot; of New York City Boy should have been included in this CD package, and perhaps a few of the filler pieces could have been dropped in favor of other remixes or other PSB songs.This one is for fans only
2/3
2.0
968371200
B0007LPMAU
Fans of 'classic rock', 'southern rock', country & western, and bluegrass probably all like at least one song by Charlie Daniels. Over a career spanning nearly 40 years, Daniels has done it all -- and done it really well too. SO today, he's got fans all over the place -- from hippies, to bikers, a few metal-fans, and even punk rockers.Instead of putting out a bland album that tries to please everyone, Charlie Daniels decided to return to his musical roots, and he's put out an album of bluegrass, and steeped it in his deep religious beliefs. This is one of those albums, however, that no matter what your views are on religion, impresses on its merits as a piece of music. There is something about a man who is not shy about his convictions and who holds them deep enough to sing about them, that is -- inspiring. Patriotism, humanitarianism, and faith really do enrich the songs on this CD. Unlike a lot of artists who put put "Christian albums", there is nothing here that repudiates Charlie Daniels' big hit songs ("Devil Went Down to Georgia", "Uneasy Rider", "Long Haired Country Boy", "Still In Saigon", "Simple Man", etc.). All of thse songs would fit right in with aany of his prior work. This is because, unlike a lot of other artists, Charlie Daniels does not have a long past that needs to be rejected.I am not sure if Charlie Daniels ever considered being a pracher, but his readings of biblical verses and other words here give listeners the impression that he might try it one day.The album opens with a bible verse, followed by "Walking in Jerusalem" (echoes "Hear Jerusalem Moan", off of the Nitty Gritty DIrt Band's CIRCLE-II album). Several familiar bluegrass standards (including "How Great thou art", "I'll Fly Away", "Working On a Building") are included. Unlike many deeply religious people, Daniels does not regard himself (as a devout Christian) needing to tell others how to live, nor to reject enjoyment in his own life. And the old 'good time' Charlie returns, and delivers remakes of familiar tunes that might become hits again, including "Keep On The Sunny Side", "I'll FLy Away", and "The Old Crossroads". Still, as Daniels reminds listeners: integrity and honesty matter, personally and professionally.Guest appearances by Earl Scruggs, Chris Tile, Ricky Skaggs, and Cyndi Wheeler give the CD a high-gloss and professional credentials that should raise its visibility, despite being on an obscure gospelrecord label. This CD is a strong testament to deep and lasting values. It's also an excellent addition to any music collection.
10/10
4.0
1113177600
B0000541YE
Unlike most 'gay movies', TRICK doesn't attempt to preach or make some "big statement". It's jsut a nice film about a typical kid in a big city, who catches the eye of a Go-Go Boy in one of the local dance clubs (well OK, New York may not be a 'typical' city, but despite the stereotype, not all gay kids in NYC are millionaires).It's a "date film", and after meeting up, the two boys try to find a place to get cozy & intimate with each other. There's no more 'sex' here than you'll find in any straight-couple movie , and I guess it shows that, when all's said & done, gay dating isn't a whole lot different than straight dating.While I suspect that most people reading this have already seen the film at least once, I won't ruin the ending for those who have not -- except to say that you'll be glad you wtched the whole film.Not a classic or a masterpiece, but a big breaktrough for gay films; gay boys are not wierd--in fact, the boy next door might be one. Happy viewing!
7/7
4.0
971222400
B000055T3A
The last 'Circuit Sessions' CD I liked enough to buy was 0.01, also DJ'd by Manny Lehman. While the other DJ's have done excellent work, the &quot;Circuit Session&quot; discs from Barry Harris, Abel, et. al have been disppointing. Dollar votes seem to validate that assessment. Perhaps that's why the CS folks have Manny Lahman back. He doesn't diappoint here at all. IN fact, he improves on his earlier disc.Best trax:KARMADELIC/SANDY-B Check It Out; DYNAMIX/TINA ANN Don't Want Another Man; THAT KID CHRIS Satisfied (The Definition of Love); AREA Definition of TetkoWhile those may be &quot;the best&quot;, they are just the highlights from a great dance CD. This is one that you will want to hear again, and again...I hope to hear more great stuff from the Circuit Sessions folks, perhaps with DJ's other than Manny Lehman. But for now, this one's a keeper.
1/1
5.0
981504000
B00006F7S4
This CD illustrates what's really ailing the music industry: it's not free downloading, it's lousy product by the so-called major artists. The 2 stars are only here for the engineering and the marketing, not the songs or performance (which merits 1 star at best).Beck delivers another CD of trite musical poses and stylings that sinks because there is nothing of substance to support it. Songs that go no place, and will never be cool anywhere. Play this at a hip, happening party, and one of 2 things will happen: people will leave, or someone will say "what happened to the GOOD music?" Radio stations will probably lose ratings if they put this in heavy rotation.If the record company over-pressed in anticipation of mega sales, then this stiff is headed for the cutout bins next year. So, wait until this is a [price] bargain CD. Better yet, pass and just let it sink because it's not any good.
2/18
2.0
1033689600
B0006AS1WS
Kids &quot;get it&quot;, but do adults? I was surprised that my young neices and nephews got so much out of this story. The notion that wise men are often doing foolish things, that kings are often bad leaders, that the whims of the powerful wreak havoc on everyone else when indulged, and that children are the future (for better or worse), all come together here. And there are some things in life that are best left as they are, but that's not obvious until they're altered. Perhaps weather manipualation will become as common as irrigation and power distribution in the future. But until then, this (like many &quot;Dr. Seuss&quot; titles) is a book that uses the vehicle of a children's tale to make some very profound statements that speak to adults as well.
13/14
5.0
998870400
B0000C9ZLD
Rolling Stone gushes praise and notes that The Strokes didn't change a thing -- except to add a song or two that is ``Radio Friendly''. Nothing wrong with that: if one is going to form a popular music band, then having some music that is actually popular is a good idea. But The Strokes might enjoy a very short-lived popularity. At only 33 minutes long, this CD seems to be a bit of a ripoff. Are they planning to re-release this next year in a "Special - Extended - Remastered - Extra-Tracks - Edition", and just making sure that they have plenty of space for the ''new'' material? Just in case, save your money and wait.The Strokes are the Punk-Rock or New-Wave version of a Civil War re-enactment (at best). "Room on Fire" only confirms the doubts about ''The Strokes'' raised by "Is This It".For this 2nd CD, those excuses seem lame--and untrue. Spiky haircuts and skinny ties cut and pasted The Cars, guitar riffs from "the C.B.G.B.'s punk scene," blah-blah-who-cares-[not us!]-deadpan vocals from Lou Reed. "Room on Fire" is a re-enactment, not an original work. They are this year's "Psychedelic Furs" (fawned on by critics, avoided by rock fans).The Strokes sound like 'an act' -- they lack the intensity to sound like they can be taken seriously. Their good press derives from location, location, and location (New York City, next to all of the media HQ's). The Strokes are image and surface, with almost no depth or substance. They craft their image with faux magazine paparazzi photos that depict them carousing with ladies in New York City nightclubs. It looks cool but it's just part of the act. However, it accouts for at least half of their appeal. Beyond the facade and image, The Strokes are like a movie scene (or perhaps, a music-video digital effect): a great, but ultimately false, front -- nothing more.As a re-enactment or re-creation of something original, "Room on Fire" is accurate, and consistent, making a review really easy. The songs hardly vary in melody lines and rhythmic pacing. They even seem to be in the same key (it's hard to tell, but probably doesn;'t matter much, since their genre-style choices are not concerned with the academic elements of music making). Each song is based on fast, downward guitar strums, snappy 4/4 drum beats with a loud up-front fuzz-guitar line (or an occasional keyboard substitute), and nearly indecipherable, heroin-chic vocals. The vocal style is a late-1990's New York Fashion theme that became all the rage with New York's high-society designer-drug-abuser crowd, but it bombed everywhere else.While the elements are all here, overall the whole CD sounds like it's just a heap of Lower-East-Side attitude -- from Deperately Seeking Susan (bored suburban housewife looking for excitement), not the Velvet Underground or the punk scene. I wonder if ''Blue Man Group'' had ''The Strokes'' in mind when they wrote their rock concert satire song.The best song from "Room on Fire" is "12:51." It's a hummable, head-bobbing, tasteful pop song -- a probably radio hit, but from 1980. It has a fantastic keyboard hook; it sounds like a Blondie song -- with grunge band vocals. But it feels fake: as if The Strokes have turned into a shadow (or at best, a distantly-reflected image) of rock and roll. While they may have the look and image of late-'70s New York rock, they sound like cyborgs. They're a well-made copy, crafted to travel lightly in a data-clogged culture. Parents take note: The Strokes' music can be downloaded safely without fear of the emotional impact, social subversion or, most importantly, the strangeness of the originals. It's as safe as milk for kids."Room on Fire" is not Rock and Roll: it's a Rock-hologram; an image illusion that only seems real until you try to touch it -- and realize that "Nothing" has deceived you.
1/3
3.0
1067299200
B0000C9ZLD
(...)Fortunately, "The Strokes" are just a run of the mill band. ``Room On Fire'' sounds exactly like ``Is This It'', but with less variety in the songs. Every song sounds almost exactly like every other song here: nice grungy guitar, with a good bass and drum rhythm, and deadpan (I don't care...) vocals overlaid. That's the problem though: as a listener, you won't care either.Critics also compare "The Strokes" to "The Velvet Underground". But here, "The Strokes" are just a re-enactment, not the real thing. "The Velvet Underground" was a groundbreaking group singing about drugs, femme fatales, death, sex, religion, etc. The Strokes just sing about their affairs with girls (but not cars, since they're in N.Y. City, not California). Nothing wrong with songs about girls, but everyone else does those types of songs too -- so what makes "The Strokes" so interesting?I think "The Strokes" are really a lot like "The Knack". For those who don't remember (and given the vapitidty of "The Knack", it's OK not to remember), "The Knack" were supposed to be ''The new Beatles'', according to Capitol Records. They weren't. The Strokes, also on Capitol records, are just another big empty hype. In fact, "The Knack" had one hit song (My Sharona): "The Strokes" don't even have that. So, that makes "The Strokes" the biggest No Hit Wonders in recent memory.
7/13
3.0
1068422400
B000KFVZD6
Fashion: the majority of the cash may come from selling women's clothing, and certainly there are lots of female supermodels (it's one profession that feminists hate, because, as Rush Limbaugh once noted, feminism was invented to benefit unattractive women). But really, the industry's heart is in the boys: sweet, pink-faced, ceherubic, hunky, beefy, smooth young studs who look just great in everything -- and in nothing, for that matter. ONE almost wonders if most &quot;fashion&quot; songs (like 'Girls On Film', by Duran Duran) were not actually written with boys in mind.The cover shot sort of sets the tone for the book here: a cute, sexy looking kid in his underwear, clearly enjoying himself and possibly the company of others like himself as well.The photography varies in here, capturing the different moods and feels of a fashion show. There are tense, somewhat anxious looking pictures, others that hint at the extreeme levels of competitiveness in modeling and fashion design [until you get to teh NFL, football is minor league by comparison]. And much of it just celebrates teh joy of dressing up, being made up, and looking like a million dollars.The boys here are alternately cute, sulen, intense, playful, snooty, sweet, and almost all drop-dead goregous. Some look so innocent &amp; sweet you'd think they had been dragged out of some perfect church choir, while others look more cynical and wizend by a few years in &quot;the biz&quot;.Because they're boys, they compete on every level; best pecs, best biceps, smoothest face, cutest eyes -- a level of competeiton an order of magnitude greater than what you see at female fashion shows. The pictues capture that all through this book, and speak of the extreme level of energy that testosterone creates with no mitigating factors.And, because they're boys, they jsut want to have fun in between &quot;work&quot;. hence, there are plenty of shots here where the boys are just mugging or putting on a show for the photographers. SOme of the hijinks are very funny; preening, grabbing nipples, and more.The book is divided into sections, each of which revolves around some major aspect of a fashion show: Prep, Wait, Skin, Glam, Play, Sets, ... it all works surprisingly well here.If this book has a flaw, it's a lack of a soundtrack to accompany the images. Just a bet: a movie about a boys fashion show, or the lives of male models done this well would probably be a surprise hit.As stated earlier, women's fashions pay the bills. But I suspect that it's young men that really get people in this industry hot. Not really any surprise, as recent news has revealed that many (if not most) of the top fashion photographers, designers, models, stars, and others who define the styles others follow, are gay men.Gay or straight, this book is a delicious (if somewhat guilty) pleasure. While the gay appeal is obvious, straight guys are discovering that looks matter, and who knows, they may even get some ideas here.
30/36
5.0
981676800
B000KFVZD6
While the world of fashion and modeling photography expends a lot of ink and time talking about women and glamorous females (femme fatals, divas, babes, etc.) in fact, what really catches our eye is great looking boys.I don't say that just 'cause I'm gay, but because it's true. GO to a gym, and all eyes are on the best looking guys (including those of the &quot;straight&quot; men who just want to look that good). When a great looking guy walks into a store or a fast food place, everyone notices. And, as the old ZZ TOP song stated (correctly) every girl's crazy 'bout a sharp dressed man. But as crazy as they are about &quot;sharp dressed' ones, it's barely or un dressed ones that they really go nuts over. I suspect taht's one reason why the biggest movie stars, rock stars, and TV stars have always been sexy men.Anyhow, pop sociology aside, this book is all about the boys. It makes me wonder if women's fashions may not be attempts to make women feel like they're not just &quot;extras&quot; in life. Most photographers are gay, most designers are gay, and most fans .... who cares? This book is great!
4/9
5.0
981504000
0312265581
They're not really boys anymore, yet, while they are physicaly mature, they still play like boys. THE BEACH is a thrilling mix: playful pixie, Peter Pan, meets the Olympian Gods on a vast beach. I wonder if the energy and creativity of boys is why they are so widely preferred to girls around the world (especially by women).I have to be honest--I've never understood the appeal of beaches at all. Strangely, though, I love deserts [which some friends refer to as 'a beach with no ocean']. At any rate, this book may change my mind -- regarding some beaches at least.While I've seen David Morgan's work for years, it wasn't until the &quot;Global Groove&quot; CD series that I actually paid attention to the photo credits. To say that this book is a real treat for the eyes is an understatement. The photography--all black and white here-- is just magnificent. The images are sensuous, and erotic, but never 'pronographic'; sexy without ever looking 'dirty'; great studies in natural &amp; enhanced lighting, along with the human body in top form.The pictures are appropriately playful and despite the beefiness of the bodies, never mean, threatening or hard looking (it's that boyish thing again). Like the mythical &quot;peter Pan&quot;, the guys in these photos seem to be forever young, and in what is such an odd example of life imitating art, it seems that every year boys get younger while observers like me, go on, inexorably aging. There is a bit of the modern here (the sexy briefs many of the guys are sporting), but really, these pictures evoke the imagery suggested in ancient Greek, Roman and other Classical art, that celebrated, rather than exploited, the beauty of a well maintained body. But unlike Tom Bianchi who recreated the Classical formalism along with the god-like male imagery, BEACH suggests that when no one is looking, even the gods are still boys inside.While there was no doubt a lot of effort that went into posing and composing for each phot, they somehow all manage to look spontaneouos and candid. And, unlike some of the modeling photography that David Morgan has done, these pictures exude a casual friendliness that is in many ways more effective than some of the more rigidly posed and arranged ad copy [check out the 2X-ist shots].As stunning as the photography is here, this book does have a minor flaw: the prose. It is as noteworthy for its vapidity and insipidness and thephotography is for its aesthetic beauty and strength. Perhaps that is deliberate: Morgan is a photographer, and prefers that people buy books to see the pictures, rather than to read them. But, whatever the reasons for the bad writing, it can easily be ignored, since th phtots are what this book is really all about.Taken over a 10 day period in the waning days of summer, BEACH makes for the kind of September one will always remember. Even when all those 'boys of summer' have left, you can always relive memories through delightful books such as this..
10/13
5.0
984960000
B00005852V
John Digweed seems determined to avoid the &quot;Crash and Burn&quot; fate suffered by some of his contemporaries. Global Underground seems to be in search of a rejuvenation. After a few flops and high profile disasters, the producers at Global Underground need something to keep customres from abandoning the brand. After Dave Seaman's disastrous &quot;CapeTown&quot; CD, and Nick Warren's disappointing sets, they've brought back John Digweed to re-create the magic--and in Los Angeles, the city known for making dreams come true (even if it is often through the mechanism of fanrasy).Paul Oakenfold self-destructed with &quot;Perfecto:Another World&quot;, an incoherent hodgepodge of unrelated music that was as undanceable as it was unlistenable. Nick Warren's recent sets have received only lukewarm reception, and while Sasha's recent &quot;San Francisco&quot; set had its moments, it hasn't sold outside of the hard core of DJ fanatics. So, there's a lot riding on the new Digweed set, in terms of hopes, expectations, and the future commerical prospects for the 'Global Underground' series.John Digweed stays &quot;on top&quot; by never standing still. This latest Global underground release is a very daring departure from much of Digweed's previous work, and from much of what is being released as &quot;DJ compilations&quot;. Unlike some CD series, which ave a really &quot;queeny&quot; or &quot;flaming Disco&quot; sound, this one is deep, and dark. It fits the mood of great trance extremely well; spacey without being empty, intense withot being 'in your face', and [this is LA after all], laid back but always to a powerful and relentless beat.Some of the tracks here are densely layered, and have a hard, edgy trance feel (which is what draws your attention--it is so different from the usual dance fare): it's almost &quot;Down Beat&quot;; dense and full of low-mid frequencies, and nto equalized with lots of mid-high frequency boost. The relsult is a surprisingly listenable and danceable mix, although dancing may require you to really crank the volume to fully appreciate the effect.Disk #1 is the darker, slower disc. It never goes above 130bpm, but like the LA traffic, it only seems slow until you're caught up in it. Another chance Digweed takes is the inclusion of vocal tracks, and while I hope he never does an entire CD of vocal cuts, 'Love in Traffic' is perfectly segued, and it feels totally appropriate for a mix created in Los Angeles.Disk #2 is an absolute masterpiece. The mode is more intense, and the pace is a bit faster. The songs are more sensous (a lot like the Sasha/Digweed 'Communicate' CD, and the best of Digweed's own &quot;Hong Kong Global Underground&quot; CD from 2000).So, bottom line: This is a very adventurous CD, where Digweed is taking some major chances with his selection of rhythms, more ambient sound, and a deep throbbing bassy mix. Unlike most &quot;bass &amp; drum&quot; sets, though, this doesn't have the &quot;boom box&quot; sound &amp; feel. It's deep, cerebral, and [especially on Disk #2] exhilarating. Disk One is like great Foreplay, and Disk Two is like a night of new sexual experiences (the kind you want again).Best Cuts: Love In Traffic, Groove Is In The Air, Strapped, The Fall, Genesis, One
12/14
5.0
983836800
B00005852V
John Digweed stays &quot;on top&quot; by never standing still. This latest Global underground release is a very daring departure from much of Digweed's previous work, and from much of what is being released as &quot;DJ compilations&quot;. Unlike some CD series, which ave a really &quot;queeny&quot; or &quot;flaming Disco&quot; sound, this one is deep, and dark. It fits the mood of great trance extremely well; spacey without being empty, intense withot being 'in your face', and [this is LA after all], laid back but always to a powerful and relentless beat.Some of the tracks here are densely layered, and have a hard, edgy trance feel (which is what draws your attention--it is so different from the usual dance fare): it's almost &quot;Down Beat&quot;; dense and full of low-mid frequencies, and nto equalized with lots of mid-high frequency boost. The relsult is a surprisingly listenable and danceable mix, although dancing may require you to really crank the volume to fully appreciate the effect.Disk #1 is the darker, slower disc. It never goes above 130bpm, but like the LA traffic, it only seems slow until you're caught up in it. ANother chance Digweed takes is the inclusion of vocal tracks, and while I hope he never does an entire CD of vocal cuts, 'Love in Traffic' is perfectly segued, and it feels totally appropriate for a mix created in Los Angeles.Disk #2 is an absolute masterpiece. The mode is more intense, and the pace is a bit faster. The songs are more sensous (a lot like the Sasha/Digweed 'Communicate' CD, and the best of Digweed's own &quot;Hong Kong Global Underground&quot; CD from 2000.So, bottom line: This is a very adventurous CD, where Digweed is taking some major chances with his selection of rhythms, more ambient sound, and a deep throbbing bassy mix. Unlike most &quot;bass &amp; drum&quot; sets, though, this doesn't have the &quot;boom box&quot; sound &amp; feel. It's deep, cerebral, and [especially on Disk #2] exhilarating. Disk One is like great Foreplay, and Disk Two is like a night of new sexual experiences (the kind you want again).Best Cuts: Love In Traffic, Groove Is In The Air, Strapped, The Fall, Genesis, One
5/7
5.0
983750400
B00005852U
John Digweed seems determined to avoid the &quot;Crash and Burn&quot; fate suffered by some of his contemporaries. GLobal Underground seems to be in search of a rejuvenation. After a few flops and high profile disasters, the producers at GLobal Underground need something to keep customres from abandoning the brand. After Dave Seaman's disastrous &quot;CapeTown&quot; CD, and Nick Warren's extremely disappointing San Francisco set, they've brought back John Digweed to re-create teh magic--and in Los Angeles, the city known for making dreams come true (even if it is often through the mechanism of fanrasy).Paul Oakenfold self-destructed with &quot;Perfecto:Another World&quot;, an incoherent hodgepodge of unrelated music that was as undanceable as it was unlistenable. Nick Warren's recent sets have received only lukewarm reception, and while Sasha's recent &quot;San Francisco&quot; set had its moments, it hasn't sold outside of the hard core of DJ fanatics. So, there's a lot riding on the new Digweed set, in terms of hopes, expectations, and the futurte commerical prospects for the 'Global Underground' series.John Digweed stays &quot;on top&quot; by never standing still. This latest Global underground release is a very daring departure from much of Digweed's previous work, and from much of what is being released as &quot;DJ compilations&quot;. Unlike some CD series, which ave a really &quot;queeny&quot; or &quot;flaming Disco&quot; sound, this one is deep, and dark. It fits the mood of great trance extremely well; spacey without being empty, intense withot being 'in your face', and [this is LA after all], laid back but always to a powerful and relentless beat.Some of the tracks here are densely layered, and have a hard, edgy trance feel (which is what draws your attention--it is so different from the usual dance fare): it's almost &quot;Down Beat&quot;; dense and full of low-mid frequencies, and nto equalized with lots of mid-high frequency boost. The relsult is a surprisingly listenable and danceable mix, although dancing may require you to really crank the volume to fully appreciate the effect.Disk #1 is the darker, slower disc. It never goes above 130bpm, but like the LA traffic, it only seems slow until you're caught up in it. ANother chance Digweed takes is the inclusion of vocal tracks, and while I hope he never does an entire CD of vocal cuts, 'Love in Traffic' is perfectly segued, and it feels totally appropriate for a mix created in Los Angeles.Disk #2 is an absolute masterpiece. The mode is more intense, and the pace is a bit faster. The songs are more sensous (a lot like the Sasha/Digweed 'Communicate' CD, and the best of Digweed's own &quot;Hong Kong Global Underground&quot; CD from 2000.So, bottom line: This is a very adventurous CD, where Digweed is taking some major chances with his selection of rhythms, more ambient sound, and a deep throbbing bassy mix. Unlike most &quot;bass &amp; drum&quot; sets, though, this doesn't have the &quot;boom box&quot; sound &amp; feel. It's deep, cerebral, and [especially on Disk #2] exhilarating. Disk One is like great Foreplay, and Disk Two is like a night of new sexual experiences (the kind you want again).Best Cuts: Love In Traffic, Groove Is In The Air, Strapped, The Fall, Genesis, One
9/12
5.0
983836800
B00005852U
John Digweed seems determined to avoid the &quot;Crash and Burn&quot; fate suffered by some of his contemporaries. Global Underground seems to be in search of a rejuvenation. After a few flops and high profile disasters, the producers at Global Underground need something to keep customres from abandoning the brand. After Dave Seaman's disastrous CapeTown CD [all the more shocking since his Buenos Aries set from 1998 was great], and Nick Warren's disappointing sets, they've brought back John Digweed to re-create the magic--and in Los Angeles no less, the city known for making dreams come true (even if it is often through the mechanism of fantasy).Paul Oakenfold stumbled with Traveling, and then self-destructed with Perfecto:Another World, an incoherent hodgepodge of unrelated music that was as undanceable as it was unlistenable. Nick Warren's recent sets have received only lukewarm reception, and while Sasha's recent San Francisco set had its moments, it hasn't sold outside of the hard core of DJ fanatics. So, there's a lot riding on the new Digweed set, in terms of hopes, expectations, and the future commerical prospects for the Global Underground series.John Digweed stays &quot;on top&quot; by never standing still. This latest Global underground release is a very daring departure from much of what is being released as &quot;DJ compilations&quot;, and from much of Digweed's own previous work. However, it expands on amny of the trance/techno themes that ran through the Hong Kong Digweed set Global Underground relased in 2000. Unlike some CD series, which are full of really &quot;queeny&quot; or &quot;flaming Disco&quot; sounds, this one is deep, and dark. It fits the mood of great trance extremely well; spacey without being empty, intense withot being 'in your face', and [this is LA after all], laid back but always to a powerful and relentless beat.Some of the tracks here are densely layered, and have a hard, edgy trance feel (which is what draws your attention--it is so different from the usual dance fare): it's almost &quot;Down Beat&quot; in places; dense and full of low-mid frequencies, and nto equalized with lots of mid-high frequency boost. The relsult is a surprisingly listenable and danceable mix, although dancing may require you to really crank the volume to fully appreciate the effect.Disk #1 is the darker, slower disc. It never goes above 130bpm, but like the LA traffic, it only seems slow until you're caught up in it. Another chance Digweed takes is the inclusion of vocal tracks, and while I hope he never does an entire CD of vocal cuts, 'Love in Traffic' is perfectly segued, and it feels totally appropriate for a mix created in Los Angeles.Disk #2 is an absolute masterpiece. The mode is more intense, and the pace is a bit faster. The songs are more sensous (a lot like the Sasha/Digweed Communicate CD, and the best of Digweed's own Hong Kong Global Underground CD from 2000).So, bottom line: This is a very adventurous CD, where Digweed is taking some major chances with his selection of rhythms, more ambient sound, and a deep throbbing bassy mix. But, unlike most &quot;bass &amp; drum&quot; sets, this doesn't have that &quot;boom box&quot; sound &amp; feel. It's deep, cerebral, fcused, and [especially on Disk #2] very exhilarating. Disk One is like great Foreplay, and Disk Two is like a night of new sexual experiences (the kind you want again).Best Cuts: Love In Traffic, 1-800-Ming, Groove Is In The Air, Strapped, The Fall, Genesis, One
9/13
5.0
984355200
B00004Y57C
Many fans call Madonna a &quot;trendsetter&quot;, but they are incorrect. Madonna's great skill is determining what the hot trends are and then rushing out in front--outdoing the trend setters at tehir own game. Nothing wrtong with that, the Beatles and many other successful musical acts maintained superstar status for years doing just that.With MUSIC, Madonna continues on a trend toward being taken seriously. While most of Madonna's output is forgettable pop material, lately, she and her producers have put a lot more care into song selection, and come up with some memorable, high quality material ('Skin', 'Beautiful Stranger', and a few other tracks from recent CD's).From her earlier career phase, I liked some songs, but the only one I still listen to often is 'Into The Groove'. The tracks on MUSIC seem destined for a long life in CD players, on dance floors, and maybe even in the vast electronic wasteland of commercial radio as well. The title cut (CD version and dance remixes) seems desteined to become a classic; one of those songs people will still like years from now. Other strong cuts here are 'Nobody's Perfect' with its vocoder overlays, the EuroDance influenced 'Impressive Instant', and trance/techno sounding numbers like 'Runaway Lover' and 'Amazing'.Madonna's other great skill is getting people to make her the focus of attention. With the Country &amp; Western stylings in the art direction (blue jeans, boots, old '60's car,etc. on the cover), this looks like a country &amp; western CD. With C &amp; W essentially dead--losing fans, no fresh musical ideas, and studios shutting down all over Nashville--Madonna might be just what middle American music fans need to get them to check out CD's again.MUSIC is Madonna growing up: no longer just making music for giggly teenage girls and urban... boys (she's a mom with 2 kids now, and that has changed her outlook and focus a bit). While sales suggest that her core of ... male and teenage girl fans still can't get enough of her music, this is a serious work that merits attention from people outside of those demographics (not that Madonna has ever had trouble attracting attention), and which seems likely to establish Madonna as a serious artist, not just a &quot;pop star&quot; trying to stage a comeback.After you get the full CD, check out the Dance remixes of MUSIC.4.5 STARS (9/10)
10/13
4.0
973209600
B00005HUOQ
This remains Van Halen's best CD. There is a cynical truth in the music business: you have 10 years to prepare your first album, and only 10 weeks to do your second one.While Van Halen's subsequent CD's all had great tunes, none were as consitently excellent as this one. The remastering job here is exceptionaly good. The guitar sounds are hot, and clean, the bass and drums sound like they're right in the room, and the vocals are out front, but not inordinately so. You can blast this CD right up to the clipping levels of your electronics, and it sounds clean.Musically, every song here features some pyrotechnic guitar variation, over a hard driving rhythm section, and complemented by strong vocals by David Lee Roth. In short, it's got the formula that all great rock acts used. But this is not &quot;formula music&quot;; it's the stuff of rock legends, and it's easy to see why VH went straight from LA house parties to super stardom -- headlining in areanas &amp; stadiums-- by the time their 2nd CD came out.Audiphiles take note: While some &quot;remastered&quot; CD's are barely distinguishable from the originals, this one is a major improvement.
20/23
5.0
971654400
0871135329
"Nothing is good or evil, but thinking makes it so"- William ShakespeareFirst off, Howard bloom is a sociologist, not a scientist. He is honest enough to acknowledge that musch of this book is speculation. But after reading through it, I expect that most of his speculations will be more or less accepted as meeting tests of scientific validity. They will prove to be correct, and tests of Bloom's ideas will prove that his hypotheses are true. This is a work more akin to "The Prince" (by Machiavelli) than "The Origin of Species: By Means of Natural Selection or The Preservation of Favored Races in the Struggle for Life" (by Darwin).Recall the scene in '2001: A Space Odyssey', where a man-ape kills another over control of the only water for miles around. Bloom argues that killing off rivals was essential to the survival of improved forms of life. He argues that it is still extant and evident today in clashes of gangs and nations.Much of this book revolves around Bloom's notion of a Superorganism, materializing of ideas, and pecking orders. These are the primary forces behind much of human creativity and earthly good, says Bloom. They are the (un)holy trinity that frame The Lucifer Principle.Superorganisms are collectives; whether algae or humans. They exist to perpetuate their kind.Materializing of ideas is a restatement of a basic premise in Atheism; that ideas only exist if there is a brain or similar structure to hold them, and that any entity with a brain holding ideas will seek to make those ideas manifest in the external world.The pecking order notion accepts that some will be dominant, and most will submit to the will of the few who dominate. The ideas that will be materialized, and the nature of the collective, will be defined by those who rise to dominance.The examples from history used by Bloom to make his points are compelling, and well documented.One area of concetration is the development of a 'global brain', facilitated by global data sharing and communications networks.Bloom says that the development of a global (human) brain is going to reshape and re-define the path of natural evolution. Natural evolution is blind and directionless; a global brain will seek to direct and control evolution. Underpinning the Global Brain's rewrite of evolution is a new approach to social theory derived from observation of the real thing--living communities of all kinds--not from abstract principles.Bloom includes the best of the lot: societies of human minds. Blooms discusson of a Global Brain probes the rise of Stone Age tribal towns thousands of years before Ur and Babylon, and explores how these little-known urban centers changed the very nature of human identity.Bloom writes about how transnational subcultures arose in Greece a hundred years before the glory days of Athens, and how these havens for unconventional men transformed the mechanism of collective creativity. Then he shows how the sometimes brutal political premises promoted by Pythagoras, Socrates, and Plato still serve as bases in struggles for dominance at the turn of the 21st century.Selfish genes? Not so fast, argues Bloom. If the 'selfish gene' theory is valid, then how did life survive at all? Genes do not contain enough data or branches to which one can apply complex logic or decision making problems. Something other than genes are involved. Bloom argues that the organization of genes matters, and makes a disturbing (but scientificlaly and logically valid) case for eugenics.This is not a book for the timid. I gave it 4 stars, becsuse too much of what is asserted as hypothesis is not proved. But that is not an actual failing, since Bloom presents his ideas as speculations, not fact, to begin with.This is a more scholarly companion to books like The Satanic Bible (Anton S. LaVey), and The Black Arts (Richard Cavendish).
4/7
4.0
1158883200
B00005JMUM
Excellent children's movie, with techno-geek special effects that reach to your "inner nerd". As a story, it's OK but too predictable. That's why it's an excellent kid's movie though.But like classic cinema, this is something best experienced in a "state of the art" (or is it now "state of the technology"?) viewing and listening environment. The scenes here are not scaled for TV (which, despite the 'big screen' hype, still means less than 1 meter across for most viewers); they're scaled for larger-than-life viewing. The detail and richness of the computer graphics are not maintained when the resolution is only 1050 scan lines (HDTV) and almost completely lost at normal TV resolution levels.You can still enjoy the DVD, but to get the full "movie magic" experience you will have to go to the nearest IMAX (or equivalent) to see this film.
7/7
4.0
1134604800
B00005QDCZ
BT is a good engineer, but only a mediocre producer. I was very diapppointed by &quot;Movement in Still Life&quot; from 2000. This is a far better release. &quot;Movement&quot; featured only a couple of interesting songs, and a whole lot of filler. Most of the material here on &quot;R &amp; R&quot; is average and tepid to begin with, so all the remixing does is highlight how lame some of the originals were.There is nothing particularly rare here, and while most of the remixes start out well, the songs are so one dimensional, that the overall impact is actually boring.The DJ/re-mix concept has run its course. If BT (like many others who have tried to build careers by playing other peoples' music) wants to continue to release CD's under his own name, he needs to start CREATING new material, not just rehashing or recycling whatever he can scrape up from other people.
1/3
3.0
1007078400
B00000I66H
Most of the time, when people who were popular in the 1960's or 1970's try to 'stage a comeback', the results are mixed at best or embarrassing at worst. Cher has had a few abortive efforts, but with this CD she's got a shot at being back on top.From West Hollywood, CA to the dance clubs on Lansdowne Street in Boston, MA, the songs on this CD have been moving the crowds out on the club dance-floors.Unlike a lot of techno &amp; trance music, this CD has 'songs&quot;. No doubt a quaint habit of the stars of the 1970's, but songs with choruses, a few verses, great hooks, etc. still seem to have popular appeal -- something that many new 'artists' just don't seem to understand whn they mix their lengthy electronic pieces these days.While Cher's recording career has long taken a back seat to her acting pursuits, her 'entertainment roots' were in music, with Sonny Bono. Although there are five producers, including Todd Terry, Junior Vasquez, and Rob Dickins--all hooked up with mega stars--this CD is not incoherent and the songs work surprisingly well together. Although the idea of using actual songs instead of trippy electronic sounds harkens back to the disco days of the late 1970's, this CD features 1990's production values. So, in every sense, it's modern music.The title cut hooks one's attention immediately, but other strong tracks include &quot;The Power&quot;, &quot;Strong Enough&quot;, and &quot;Love Is The Groove&quot;. The final cut, &quot;We All Sleep Alone&quot; is a great dance number but lyrically it touches on a downside to club &amp; circuit party experiences: many people don't have steady partners, and seek contact through dancing, and the social life that surrounds dance clubs.The message here is that ultimately, you need to believe in yourself, your freinds, your family, and that if you try you can succeed --achieve your dreams. It's a somewhat pithy message, but it's still true (Cher seems to be a living embodiment of the application of such notions herself). If BELIEVE proves anything, it's that age doesn't make one 'passe', and while Cher can't &quot;Turn Back Time&quot;, she has no intention of being overwhelmed by, or succumbing to, its passing.
2/3
4.0
973468800
B000PJWBAI
Conservatives have been right all along. For decades, conservatives have been charging that the media were a closed society that deliberately distorted and biased their coverage of events, and that the media deliberately slanted stories to favor narrow leftist political agendas. Bernard Goldberg, after nearly three decades as an insider at CBS now says in his recently published book that the media are not only guilty as charged, they are actually much worse.Media coverage of everything from AIDS to Zimbabwe follwed a few simple formulae and filtering rules. Most reports are run by advocacy groups to see if they advance the agendas of left wing ideology. Most stories are edited to please strident but powerful constituencies on the political left. The media loudly proclaim their fairness while deliberately biasing stories. Many news reports are not really news at all, they are sob stories designed to create emotional responses -- usually support for (or opposition to) some bill, some business, or some program.In the major media, facts are often ignored or left out of reports if they do not support the media points of view. COnservatives are always described in negative terms (opposing things, killing some program, attacking or undermining something, seizing control of Congress, etc.). Liberals are always described in positive terms (championing a cause, rooting out evil, standing up to evil opponents, struggling in a just cause, winning hearts and minds, etc.).Bernard Goldberg states that advancing political correctness, not truth, is the real objective in most media reporting. Hence, people with AIDS are all victims--of conservative budget cuts, not their own sexual irresponsibility; homeless people are all victims of government program cuts--not of their wanton drinking and drug abuse; anti-American terrorists are freedom fighters struggling against the "evil" of the USA or Israel, not vile or evil people who plot to kill and maim others.Mr. Goldberg raises some disturbing possibilities in BIAS. AMong these:* Are western nations less secure because media disotortions have blamed America and Isreal for the actions of terrorists and criminals?* Are race relations much worse than necessary because the media like whipping up racial tensions (a charge also made by David Horowitz, Ward Connerly, and others)?*Is American education failing because media coverage has only reported the teacher's union's views (more money for less work, and more power with less accountability)?If there is an object lesson in this book it is that the media are guided more by the principals of Vladimir Lenin and Josef Goebbels. Lenin urged the fomentation of class warfare by distorting perceptions through tendentious reporting and misrepresentations that advanced partisan objectives. Goebbels urged the telling of big lies over and over, since they come to be believed as people attempt to resolve cognitive disonance.Lenin was a global socialist revolutionary, and Goebbels was a National Socialist propagandist. The media, according to Bernard Goldberg, have adopted the methods of both, and seem to also be advancing socialist thinking.
13/23
4.0
1014249600
B00008FOCH
The Video of Utopia doing this material live shows a power pop band in every sense of the term, doing a rave-up job on stage. Songs like &quot;Libertine&quot;, &quot;Princess of The Universe&quot; and &quot;Hammer In My Heart&quot; totally rock out. &quot;Infrared and Ultraviolet&quot; sounded like something Yes or Led Zeppelin might do, but on this CD, that song falls completely flat.Unfortunately, most of the material on this CD doesn't live up to the live performance. Utopia liiked to parody &quot;pop&quot; bands, but unfortunately, the parody here overwhelms the quality, and this CD is a a case of major underachievement by a great band.Disappointing, except for the songs listed above, &quot;I'm Looking at You (But I'm Talking to Myself)&quot;, &quot;Feet Don't Fail Me Now&quot;, and the absolutely stellar remix of &quot;Hammer in My Heart&quot;.Fans must have this of course, bacause even though the performance is below what Utopia are capable of, the songwriting is still first rate.
1/7
3.0
982022400
B0001MDPNG
Aerosmith's recordings have never really done them full justice. TO really appreciate how good they are, you have to go see them live.This album is sort of a mirror-image complement to "Night In The Ruts". That album was full of Aerosmith tunes does in a heavy Bluesy style. Unfortunately, it was compeltely overlooked by critics and so-called 'rock radio'. In places, it's as good as anything on 'ROCKS' or "TOYS IN THE ATTIC'."Honkin On Bobo" is more traditional blues music, done in the hard rock AEROSMITH style. I think it is a chance to return to musical roots. Unfortunately, it's produced with too much digital hype. The hype (as opposed to the music) shows badly on "You Gotta Move" (just compare it ot the version the Rolling Stoned recorded for "Sticky Fingers"). Aerosmith should have listended to the old blues adminition "...you don't have to shout or leap about, you can even play them easy..."On the plus side, there are a lot of photos and notes that go along with this recording, so if the music doesn't hold your interest, the added media might. But maybe Aerosmith should have gone away from digital all together, and really returned to their gritty hard-rock roots.(...)
0/0
3.0
1084492800
B00001X59J
Well, perhaps Mr. One-BeerGlass* would not care much for the electronic dance music of the 21st century, and he migh even criticize the 'math', but then again, he'd be about 115 years old, hardly a member of the target demographics for today's grooves.If this featured a few of VC's super hot dance mixes, it would have received a 5-star rating [actually, it rates 4.5 stars; 9 on a 10 scale, in my view]. As it happens, there's a great mix of tunes, but several of them have been previously released on other dance collections (Unspeakable Joy--KIM ENGLISH, Someone To Hold--VERONICA [Johnny Vicious Hard mix]), and Victor C. adds nothing to these songs. They are good tunes, it's just that somehow one expects a bit more from a &quot;superstar&quot; DJ, as opposed to just a 'regular' DJ.Oh well, the CD is great high-energy dance material-- much better than the 'average' dance CD. While it's always nice to know that DJ's can mix terrific sets 'live', the realities of commercial CD production really scream for the XYBOYS** to add the final polish in a post-produciton studio. Factg is, no matter how great a DJ and his work are, it can always be improved by some techno flash in a studio after the basic tracks are laid down (get real-- no one actually 'plays live' on a CD, except for some classical musicians -- and their global record sales are often counted in dozens).While this CD has a few popular 1999/2000 dance numbers, there is no 'calssic' cut, nor a song that is likely to be requested in 2001.* OneBeerGlass = English translation of &quot;Einstein&quot; (One Stein, or One Beer Glass)** XYBOYS = term for high-tech digital audio post production wizards, coined by &quot;TheWowBoy&quot;, a DJ from Austin, Texas. Refers to XY magazine.
2/5
4.0
972864000
B00005A8LP
Maybe Einstein was wrong?This is just an excellent dance/party CD. From the clubs in NYC, &quot;VC&quot; delivers some serious &quot;E&quot;. WHile the first &quot;E=VC2&quot; was good, this sounds like it may become the first true 'classic' of the 21st century for dance music fans. Like the 'clessic' Donna Summer, Gloria Gaynor, et.al., this is one you just want to hear over and over.Great heavy bass-beats. like John Digweed's Hong Kong &amp; Los Angeles sets, but with that glitz and energy that is just &quot;so New York&quot;. Vic Calderone must have cashed ina few chips here--what a coup, getting Madonna into the mix.Best cuts: THE DOOR (Circuit Boy), D'LAYNA (Special - Formula dub)/PROGRESSION (Surrender Now - Tribal dub), MADONNA (Skin -The Collaboration Mix)
4/6
5.0
985651200
B000002ZA8
What is it about Detroit?Iggy Pop, Ted Nugent, Bob Seger, Grand Funk Railroad, and Suzi Quatro are just some of the big names to come from that city. Every one of those acts has gone on to achieve some measure of nearly legendary stardom. Iggy Pop is widely credited as the father of Punk and glam (David Bowie and nearly every British Punk act paid tribute to Iggy & the Stooges); Grand Funk and Bob Seeger had legions of fans who just loved great rock & roll; Ted Nugent is an icon in heavy metal (and now with America's new anti-terrorism war, his fan base is surging again),And then there's Suzi Quatro. Probably the most overlooked femal rocker of the 1970's and early 1980's. Never as provocative as "The Runaways" and eclipsed by disco queens like Madonna or the soul music stars of the MTV era, she got no respect.What a sad commentary on the supposed feminism in the mnusic industry that real talent was overlooked while shlocky chicks with little talent were hyped to mega stardom. Well those ladies are gone, and after looking among the ruins of past music eras, Suzi Quatro's "hits" CD is like a buried jewel. I think that this is the sound that BLONDIE and some other bands with strong female leads always wanted to get, but never could.Unlike Blondie, the Suzi Quatro CD seems to have aged well. It is glam rock, with all the campiness, glitter, leather, and excess that genre contained, and even though some critics hate this stuff, like a Jeepster, it's too much fun for anyone to care what a critic thinks.There's not a bad song here. If you liked Drew Barrymore's character in "Charlie's Angel's" (the movie), you'll love this CD--because Suzi-Q is not just acting.Fans of Joan Jett and the Runaways will probably already have this and other Suzi Quatro CD's. The vocals are tough and gritty, but never dykeish and nasty. Musically, the guitar playing is strong and the songs have lots of good hooks. If Joan Jett is the female Mick Jagger, Suzi Quatro is the female Marc Bolan.One big surprise here is "Stumbling In", which sounds more pop than rock, but it's hard to figure out why this was not a huge hit.Other catchy songs: "Can The Can", "Your Momma Won't Like Me", "The Wild One", "Mama's Boy", and "Cat Size".
14/17
5.0
1014249600
B0000DESXO
The Bangles Greatest Hits is one of the coolest CD's to emerge from the 1980's. It goes well with beach parties, football, dorm bashes, driving, and just about anything else. This CD, despite the title, is more of an evolution for The Bangles. The sound is more mature, but not in that stale way that re-union albums often are. It has the upbeat, optimistic feel of their earlier works, not a &quot;we really need a hit&quot; feel.The Bangles were never hard rock and glam, and they still arent. So fans of Joan Jett, Lita Ford, Suzy Quatro, or The Donnas might not be initially impressed. Given a choice, I prefer the hard rock and glam girls too.But The Bangles are a group that did not need &quot;American Idol&quot; or some other fake TV contest show to get people interested in them. The music is somewhat seductive: you find yourself humming the songs at some point, and then realize you actually like a lot of The Bangles' music.I think this newest CD has a couple of likely hits. &quot;Here Right Now, has a very catchy pop hook; &quot;Something That You Said&quot; would make a good addition to some stale 'soft rock' FM formats; and then there's a &quot;Tear Off Your Own Head (it's a doll revolution)&quot;, a perky rocker about rebellion with a catchy chorus. Written by Elvis Costello, on this CD it sounds like it could move The Bangles into Britney Speares' audience sectors.
2/2
4.0
1064793600
B00004Y6HC
...it sounds just like a dozen other dance music CD's.Great cover art photography (a staple feature of the Global Groove CD series), and a nice selection of upbeat dance tunes here. So, it's PLAYful and fun.But the music here is so 1970's, so old hat, so been-there|done-that; GLOBAL GROOVE is in a deep rut in this department. The most frustrating aspect of the music here is the fact that nearly every song starts out with a great pulsing beat, and then degenerates midway through into late 1970's/early 1980's disco mush.More of the adventurous underground stuff; breakbeats, polyrhythmic techno and frankly, a bit faster tempo in most of the songs would all enhance sales and listener interest I suspect.
5/8
3.0
969235200
B0006BA0XU
Tales of alien sex and Elvis Cyborgs could use &quot;The Pleasure principle&quot; as a soundtrack.CARS, Numan's best known song, is on here. And while this is a good CD, it lacks the imagination and brilliance of &quot;Replicas&quot;, and sounds a bit dated by comparison &quot;It's So 1980's&quot; as my little sister says.Well maybe so, but the 1980's weren't all bad: Thatcher was ending decades of socialist poverty &amp; misery in the UK, while Reagan was laying the foundations for the greatest economic prosperity the world had ever known in America. And music was going really high tech.Gary Numan was on the vanguard of a truly new age in popular music: where software and producers ruled, and 'artists' were simply employees.THE PLEASURE PRINCIPLE: A very good CD, but not a brilliant one. 'Cars': a song you simply must have and hear once in a while.
8/15
4.0
968371200
B000776JNI
STATE OF FEAR is an exciting novel, with a lot of good data provided, that refutes the theory of Global Warming.Global warming, as some reviewers note, is a hypothesis (a premise that has not been tested or evaluated to determine its validity or truth). But Crichton, in the text and narrative, shows that the hypothesis is actually contradicted by the facts (actual observations about climate data).The ad-hominem attacks on reviewers and on Michael Crichton by environmental extremists writing AMAZON.COM "reviews" is revealing: they are as intolerant and zealous as the extremeists presented in the novel. In short, the true believers in nutty ideas (like 'global warming') are really "out there". They might be as dangerous as extreme religious fanatics who kill in the name of "allah".SO what about the ideas and subject matter of the novel: global warming? The most reliable actual climate data shows little, if any, climate change. In fact, actual data shows that the earth may have started to cool off, not warm up. The Antarctic Ice cap, for example, has begun to expand whereas it had been melting for nearly 6000 years, prior to 1970.In a series of vignettes, Crichton's characters show that so-called environmentalists don't have a clue about what they're doing. The history of Yellowstone Park and other long-term management projects is indeed sorry; revealing gross ignorance and incompetence, wrapped in extreme hubris and smugness. THey are a lot like religious fanatics: bleiving in their own "righteousness" no matter what the consequences.Additional facts from STATE OF FEAR: Banning DDT has caused at least 50 million deaths. The environmental "do godders" have killed more people than did Hitler and Stalin combined with their ideology.While no environmental group has gone to the extremes of the groups in STATE OF FEAR, there have been several small terrorist actions engaged in by several environmentalist organizations. They have spiked trees, sabotaged equipment, and committed other criminal or terrorist-like acts.Academia, as the novel notes, is extreme and narrow-minded when it comes to environmentalism. The so-called science coming out of universities these days is more like the false biology promoted by T.D. Lysenko (A Stalin loyalist who atttempted to apply Marxism to agriculture, but instead produced ongoing crop failure in Russia), or astrology and other pseudo-sciences.The media, whose main characters are nearly all products of liberal arts and ideologically driven universities, are just plain stupid. Mindless replication or reading of press releases (with no fact checking) is standard procedure in the so-called 'news media'. Recent scandals at CBS, The New York Times, The Washington Post, CNN, Newsweek, Time, and elsewhere, have revealed the media as the main propagators of false information and outright lies. It's little wonder that public distrust has risen to over 60%. It's also in STATE OF FEAR.Crichton makes a passionate and forceful case that there is no real science in most "environmentalism" at all. There is no testing of hypotheses to determine validity; no evaluation of data; no re-evaluation when facts diverge from predictions; no reason to balance ideology.Crichton warns that the blind allegiance to ideologies -especially if they are wrapped in the language of science - can easily become the fast-road to atrocities and totalitarianism. He cites parallels from the late 19th and early 20th century to support the thesis. He notes that pseudo-sciences frequently captur the imagination of academia and politicians, with terrible consequences. In STATE OF FEAR, Crichton argues that global warming is also a pseudo-science that has been co-opted for political control and other related purposes.A "conspiracy theory"? Maybe. But since the 'global warming' theories are proving to be false, the 'conspiracy' theory might be rooted in reality. Just remember the Cannibal Village Feast when Hillary ("It takes a Village") Clinton makes her bid to run the United States.
6/12
5.0
1136246400
B00000EGHL
While this was The Clash's 2nd release, it was their first US release. This CD has been heavily criticized, but I think unfairly.This CD has more 'polish' than the first CD, and does lack the consistent excellence that marked &quot;THE CLASH&quot;, but where this CD is good, it is exceptionally so.Even though this is a &quot;punk rock&quot; CD, with the angry raw sound that characterized a lot of British punk music, there is a warmth in the singing and playing which suggests that The Clash were not 'angry', but were instead, concerned.The Clash's defining anthem, &quot;Stay Free&quot; (a great song, and one that certainly tells the band's story well) and their big crowd Pleaser &quot;Guns On The Roof&quot; will always sound great, no matter how many times they're played. &quot;All the Young Punks&quot; is a good lament over the commercializing of punk music (what ultimately killed it), and there are several other cuts ('Tommy Gun&quot;, 'English civil War') that hint at the more political songrwiting that characterized Sandinista &amp; later CD's.But ultimately, this was a transitional CD; between the raw, street punks of the first CD, and the more polished, but still edgy, rock that appeared on London Calling &amp; later CD's.While the songwriting has often been called &quot;flat&quot; here, there is nothing as vapid as &quot;Lost in the Supermarket&quot; or as silly as the filler on 'Combat Rock'.
2/2
4.0
960768000
B00000EGWF
Great CD. Should be in any serious AOR/Arena Rock collection. This one fell between the cracks somehow, and was overlooked by radio &amp; MTV (they were too busy with all those really terrible one hit wonders and trashy littel dance-pop acts that made pop music 1980's so disposable, I guess).Anyhow, hard-core fans of Survivor probably have this, but the rest not know what they missed.
2/2
5.0
1014249600
B000065DTE
After several flops and misfires with synthesizers, pop music forms, and other "experminental" albums, Rush has returned tp what they do really well: HARD ROCK.A very high tech band ever since the late 1970's, the mix here is one of the cleanest and most sophisticated ever for a power trio. Up front it's the main melodies and power trio pyrotechnics. But the vocals are blended in better than on past efforts, and there are subtle sub-rhythms that moduate the songs and enrich the music so that the CD stands up well to repeat listening.Like the great RUSH CD's of the past, this one contains a bunch of guitar pyrotechnics, driven by powerful and melodic bass lines and very muscular drumming.I guess that the big question for RUSH is, after a decade of lame female pop divas and wimpy boy bands, are there any rock fans left? I suspect there are: Creed and Ted Nugent are seeing huge crowds. Same for Ozzy Osbourne.Metallica and an the other "Monsters of rock".Rush, unlike the aforementioned, has an "intellectual dimension" to their music that is rarely associated with heavy metal or hard rock acts. But, as with ''Spirit of Radio'', ''Moving Pictures'', and ''2112'' the brainy side never stops the ... rock side from functining at full throttle.Glad Rush is back in form.
1/4
4.0
1021766400
B000000OVP
"Pinkerton" was WEEZER's 2nd album. But it was very different than their debut. Rick Ocasek (who produced the debut) did not produce this, so the pop touches that made 'the Blue album' so radio friendly, are mixed behind a more hard-edged rock sound on 'Pinkerton'.Sadly, this album was not well-received by most critics, and the lack of a 'Buddy Holly' styled pop single kept it off of most radio stations. The enignatic Japanese-looking cover art broke any continuity with the first album to the point some fans did not think it was even the same band on both albums.Bottom Line:Taking chances with music often works for metal bands (Iron Maiden, Slayer, Metallica, et.al.) and heavy-rock bands (Aerosmith, Rush, etc.) but it is usually a disaster for pop-acts like Weezer.Fortunately for Weezer, they moer or less recovered wiht their follow-up 'Green album'. Since it looked enough like 'the Blue album', and musically it struck a balance between Pop & Hard Rock music (more hard-rock than pop, actually).'Beverly Hills' and other recent singles sound a lot like 'Buddy Holly' and earlier singles (making Weezer easy to sell to radio & other interests). That's fine for pop music marketing, but it also suggests that Weezer has become a one-note band: they're just recycling the same popm formulas year after year.I think Weezer would have been a far more interesting band if they had gone hard rock and maybe even done some heavier metal music. Had Weezer gone for metal & hard rock, they would be far less dependent on radio airplay and teen-music magazines for sales, and they could probably have earned something far more valuable than acclaim by critics: street credibility with music fans.
2/5
4.0
1122249600
B000B7FYX0
Michael Savage goes beyond the ordinary here. WHile there are many conservative authors who give an account of what is wrong with liberalism, they offer few (if any) workable solutions to the problems they document. Here, the author notes that the means for conservatives to stop the assaults on America by the left already exist -- if only conservatives will act.Liberals, notes Dr. Savage, are followers. The left is led by extremists and radicals, bent on destroying America. This book reveals that most people who call tehmselves liberals are completely un-aware of how they have been used and duped by the radical anti-American element that drives policy for the far left.Some people think Savage goes too far to label liberals insane, but in his defense, Savage notes that it was liberals themselves who claimed they needed mental therapy after the 2004 elections. Liberals have so badly deluded themselves about their righteousness (and the evils of conservatism), that they can only explain the recent election cycles (2000, 2002, and 2004) by inventing elaborate paranoid conspiracy theories.The courts, used with devastating efficiency by the radical left, should be used by the right, asserts Savage. RICO laws and many of the regulations eneacted by the left woud reveal that there is a vast left wing network of radicals in universities, non-profit organizations, and government agencies, who have been working together to destroy America's families, mis-educate children, and wreck the institutions that hold communities together.If Savage is correct, the communists that were exposed by Senator Joseph McCarthy and others during the 1950's, simply 'went underground', and have been on a long march through the institutions -- exactly as Marx and Lennin urged.Highly recommended if you are a patriot who still believes in the ideals that have made The United States of America a great nation. Occasionally infuriating, but maily, this book is inspiring.
29/42
5.0
1114041600
B000002GAG
I am not a huge R &amp; B or ''soul music'' fan, but this CD is a keeper. It's funk with lots of rock and blues influences in the mix. The energy level is cranked up to about 10, and the production is first rate.Recorded in 1978, and produced by Quincy Jones, I wonder if BLAM! was the real inspiration for the best material on Michael Jackson's &quot;THRILLER&quot; LP, form 1981 (also produced by Quincy Jones). The only thing this one lacked was a high profile star to sell the product. I think that this CD also suffered because it came out at the height of the &quot;disco craze&quot;, when 'Studio 54' style music was ruling the airwaves. As black performers who did funk and rock, The Brothers Johnson did't fit the industry's molds, so this album was ignored.The Brothers had hits with Strawberry Letter 23 and other more pop-sounding tunes, but for my money BLAM! is their strongest work.Ranks right up with &quot;3 + 3&quot; (ISLEY BROTHERS), &quot;Maggot Brain&quot; or &quot;Electric Spanking of War babies&quot; or &quot;One Nation Under a Groove&quot; (FUNKADELIC), and the best JAMES BROWN or Motown material.
7/9
5.0
1068076800
B0007OE3UC
updated 4/22/2005:Zakk Wylde and his band seem to be having trouble keeping their act together these days. On this CD, the band sounds really worn out and tired. The mix is muddy, and half of the songs just plain drag.They have received some media attention, but it's pro-forma and not likely to establish B.L.S. as anything but "an obscure band whose leader used to play guitar with a big act (in this case Ozzy Osbourne)." That's not a ticket to stardom--it's a kiss of death.Many of the recent shows have featured tributes to longtime friend and colleague, Darrell 'Dimebag' Abbott, who was murdered on December 8, 2004 at a show in Columbus, OH by a deranged "fan". Sadly, it's an effort that misses the mark: it is too lugubrious -- like a bad funeral re-enactment.Black Label Society is probably headed for obscurity and commercial irrelevance if they can not find their own voice soon. SO far, they have failed to give fans some reason to "buy into" the BLS franchise. Songs about death and depression won't retain anyone. I saw the Austin show in April 21, 2005, and thought it was just OK. I think Zakk W. drank at least a 6-pack of Heinekens himself during the show, and his guitar solos were predictably awful (off-key and off-beat) as a result. Recalling dead friends and saying "I'll join you soon..." might turn out to be sadly accurate.The most radio friendly song here is "Suicide Messiah". But songs about suicide have never hit big or become memorable tunes. The reason is simple: killing yourself is not something people do for fun. Other songs with titles like "Dirt on the Grave", "Forever Down", and "Death March" all suggest that B.L.S. has an unhealthy musical (or maybe a more general) obsession with death, decay, and other depressing things.I hope for their sake that BLack Label Society can snap out of their downward spiral. If not, the fans will soon be gone.
2/3
4.0
1111968000
B000OWOS66
It's hardly 'news' that Pat Buchanan has strong supporters and critics. So whenever he writes a book, they all come out to voice their opinions. But what Buchanan writes are not opinons, they are examinations of facts where he starts with a premise, presents his arguments, and states his conclusions. Most critics disagree with conclusions, but few dispute that his premises are valid, and no one seems to dispute his facts & arguments made in support of his premise. This latest book is a set of sobering examinations of the history and implications of America's present immigration policies.'State of Emergency: The Third World Invasion and Conquest of America', takes its title from the State of Emergency declarations made recently by the governors of Arizona and New Mexico as the immigration problems have spun out of control.People who think current illegal and other immigration is not a problem that threatens to undermine the American republic will have their naivete or skepticism shattered by what's presented in this book.Immigrants used to come here BECAUSE they sought to assimilate and become part of the American culture. Buchanan argues powerfully that the current immigration wave is radically different from previous ones. Both the number of (particularly illegal) immigrants, and their attitudes, are hostile or resistive to adoption of our traditions, Buchanan shows.He quotes Enoch Powell, who warned Britain 40 years ago when that country began to feel the impact of limitless immigration, that immigration had the character of an invasion; the aliens, he noted, were arriving not as mere individuals, but as whole villages, transforming British culture, and not for the better. Now the same thing is happening in America - but on a much larger scale. Buchanan makes a powerful case that an America under siege by an immigrant invasion (where most of the aliens are not interested in assimilation into the culture) can not long remain a "land of the free". He warns that America could come to resemble The Balkans (Serbia, Kosovo, Croatia, et.al.), or Lebanon.Buchanan presents facts showing that Mexico's government is deliberately fostering the invasion across the southern U.S. border. It is encouraging people to become public charges in the Unites States (passing on the social costs of crime, poverty, illiteracy, etc. to Anerican taxpayers). And, Mexico is encouraging "Reconquista" of the Southwestern states. He charges that President Bush has ignored this conscious and aggressive policy, which Buchanan contends merits nothing less than impeachment (that matter is also a topic on Buchanan's blog-web site).Buchanan also notes that (though this is a separate set of events), a parallel hostile Muslim invasion of Europe is creating "Eurabia." This is the source of recent geopolitical tensions between the U.S. and most NATO & other European countries.In addition to crime, often in the form of violent gangs, the invaders come with diseases, some unknown to us, some of which we thought had been almost wiped out - tuberculosis, for instance. Buchanan notes that the immigrants, mostly illegal of course, have put such a strain on California's medical system that 48 hospitals in the Los Angeles area alone have been forced to close down. It's illegal to turn even illegals away if they need medical care.This points up anotehr critical problem. We are now paying, more dearly than even the pessimists dreamed, for a gowing and limitless global welfare state. Milton Friedman long ago put it simply: You can't have open immigration and a welfare state. No system can afford infinite eligibility and benefits from a finite tax-base of U.S. citizens. This is an axiomatic truth; Mr. Friedman is simply pointing out what is self-evident. Sadly, laments Buchanan, not very many people are listening.Liberal opinion generally thinks it's mean-spirited to do the math. Neo-Conservatives, Buchanan has argued for years, are out to abolish nationhood, and seek to erect un-elected global governments. The neo-Cons, Buchanan asserts, are firmly in control of the Bush presidency. The alien invasion carries another threat too: with the lack of border control, terrorists have found it easy to pay 'coyotes' to slip them and their equipment across the border -- and thus avoid the scrutiny at airports and other legal entry points.Buchanan's book cites a vast number of statistics to prove its premises. Examples: One in 12 illegals has a U.S. criminal record; in Los Angeles, CA 95 per cent of all homicide warrants target illegals. Some libertarians reply insistently that the current immigration is a net plus for this country, but even on purely economic terms - setting side such considerations as morality, culture, and national character -- Buchanan shows that is false. RAND, and other independent research groups have repeatedly concluded that the costs of educating illegal alien children, welfare dependency, crime, and other costs associated with high levels of immigration cost billions of dollars every month. Soaring state and local structural budget deficits to pay for the social costs of immigration prove that point: Immigration is very expensive, and as taxes are cut for the very wealthy, America's 'middle class' is absorbing all of that burden.I wonder if Buchanan is too optimistic in thinking that the U.S. Government, which has done so much to create and aggravate the problem, is still capable of solving it.Some of his recommendations, such as a 2,000-mile fence along the U.S.-Mexico border, may retard the invasion, but by his own account, these measures already seem too little, and too late. And he notes that so far, there is no sign the U.S. government has the will to enact or enforce them.This book is an excellent follow-on to Bushanan's last two books "Where the Right Went Wrong" and "Death of The West". It is one of those books you read hoping the author is completely wrong, but fearing that he is completely right.Like Enoch Powell, Buchanan has been widely criticized for 'being right' ahead of time. While he's taken a great deal of abuse for stating his views, facts and events have strongly vindicated his positions.
77/96
5.0
1156464000
0465089038
President Bush's biggest mistake was his decision not to fight with Democrats in the Senate and push for Linda Chavez to become the U.S. Labor Secretary. In this book Chavez reveals a set of precepts and ideas that are very much in line with traditional conservative thinking.By fighting to get Ms. Chavez confirmed, the Bush Administration (and maybe the Republican party in general) would have been able to get much better hispanic support. In addition, Bush would have shored up his support among conservatives much earlier and established a stronger position of leadership in Washington, DC than he held prior to September 11, 2001.Ms. Chavez explains that hispanics need to stop thinking of themselves as foreigners, and stop acting like aliens if theya re to succeed in the Unted States. &quot;Let's join the culture here -- isn't that why we all came to the U.S. in the first place?&quot; is her central theme for hispanic readers.It is a mistake to read this as a &quot;hispanic&quot; book. It is really a book that, like the work of black conservatives, shows how the liberal establishment has used minorities to fuel their own political agendas; ones that ended up hurting non-wealthy, non-white, and other non-establishment groups. Ms Chavez also carefully explains that the political agendas of liberals that have hindered minortities have actually hurt whites without college educations even more.MIT Linguistics professor, Noam Chomsky, called the Bush Administration &quot;Radical statist fanatics, far removed from traditional conservatives ... a patrician clique who have little in common with most citizens.&quot;, at his recent Austin, TX appearance. Based on the treatment they gave Linda Chavez (vs. Tommy Thompson, Colin Powell and other G.W. Bush cabinet members), one has to wonder if Dr. Chomsky's assessment is correct.
21/29
4.0
1035244800
B0007Y08T2
Other thrash, black and death metal bands had better take notice here: this material could put many --if not most-- of them out of work. Yes, it's that good.From the opening riffs of 'Punish My Heaven', it's clear that Dark Tranquility has formidable musical talent. And unlike many bands, whose credibility is demolished by a lousy vocalist, these guys have one who can pull of the gutteral growling that is standard in the black & death metal genres by actually singing and not sounding like he's about to vomit. Also elevating this album: not all of the cuts are full out thrash or speed metal riffing. There are some acoustic guitars, female vocals, and other touches that are rare in most newer metal bands' material.The newly recorded edition features 5 covers, of songs from KREATOR [Bringer of Torture], SACRED REICH [Sacred Reich], IRON MAIDEN [22 Acacia Avenue], MERCYFUL FATE [Lady In Black], and METALLICA [My Friend of Misery]. All do full justice to the originals.Best cuts:Punish My Heaven, The Gallery, Midway Through Infinity, Mine is the Grandeur/Of Melancholy Burning, Bringer of Torture. Overall, a most excellent album; a very worthwhile listen, and addition to any metal collection.
0/0
5.0
1114300800
B00004U45G
Jimmy Page's brilliant guitar talents can't overcome the completely lame singing and a sluggish rhythm section (not to mention a badly recorded, poorly mixed tech-job).Forget this one and get a real Led Zeppelin CD.
8/39
1.0
970531200
B00004U45G
Let me guess: Jimmy Page wanted to remind people just how great Led Zeppelin was, so he got these guys together to prove that LedZep was at least an order of magnitude better than any of their imitators. Or, perhaps someone just needed money and figured a bunch of Led Zeppelin covers would be a quick way to generate a good cash flow.Whatever... On the PLUS side, this CD has all the great guitar chops you'd ever want (well, after all, look who's playing!), but overall, it sounds like a cover band at any one of a hundred nightclubs across he country that does Led Zeppelin cover tunes. Vocally, Chris Robinson can't hold a candle to Robert Plant when it comes to phrasing a song or injecting subtlety into singing. The rhythm section here has none of the thunder that John Bonham and John Paul Jones could deliver in a great Zeppelin tune, and as a result, everything here sounds like a perfunctory run through, rather than an attempt to make a musical statement.Aurally, the mix is abysmal -- makes the mix in &quot;Song Remains the Same&quot; sound good by comparison. It's dense, muddy, with poor tonal and other separation as everything bleeds into everything else (where were the microphones, on the ceiling?).Except for Page, no one here seems to be having a good time--maybe there's just too much pressure. So, forget this package and just get the real thing... Led Zeppelin still rules.
2/21
1.0
963187200
B000002HJQ
With a lineup up made from members of PANTERA, CORROSION OF CONFORMITY, CROWBAR, and EYE-HATE-GOD, DOWN met the criteria for a 'supergroup'. And on this album, they performed accordingly.The music is mainly that of Phil Anselmo [Pantera] and Pepper Keenan [Corrosion of Conformity], but it is no mere clone of either band. Anselmo's singing is every bit as intense as was Pantera's, and with a better talent lineup, Keenan's talent shows up more here than it did on Corrosion's own albums. 'NOLA' (a popular acronym for New Orleans, Louisiana) takes the strong writing talents and distinctive sounds, but re-directs them in a southern-boogie style of heavy metal. But unlike Pantera (who usually sounded very upbeat and optimistic), or Corrosion (who often sounded angry), this album sounds a bit melancholy. Perhaps that downbeat tone is a big reason why DOWN sold far less than either CORRISION... or PANTERA.Like much of Pantera's music, NOLA's lyrics seem to urge the use of legal and illegal recreational drugs. The songs celebrating marijuana use made radio squamish about playing anything, and that, sadly, kept this from a wider audience. But the drug lyrics are only a minor component: the album's main focus is Phil Anselmo's inner sadness and what seems to be a sort of confession or atonement. Phil seems to be saying "sorry" for doing things that hurt people for whom he cares. Keenan's brand of crunching guitar shredding compliments Anselmo's genuinely sorrowful vocals well. Both propel the album to its somber conclusion -- without the flashy solos or other excesses that often accompany their separate works.There are a few enigmatic tracks here, like "Pray for the Locust," an instrumental piece written by Anselmo but played entirely by Keenan on the guitar. And there is a highly layered song, "Stone the Crow," which becaome DOWN's only major radio tune: it sounds very different from the rest of the album. The only song that doesn't work is "Bury Me in Smoke," where all members of DOWN display their abilities to play, but teh song itself is too ponderous to compel attention to the end.In terms of consistency and sheer rock power, 'NOLA' equals the best of the featured artists' other works, and would stand as a strong item in any of the associated bands' catalogs. This is a landmark recording that combines strong talents, and it defintiely belongs in any comprehensive heavy metal collection.
4/4
4.0
1112659200
B000057OHX
Prior to Cowboys From Hell, PANTERA was a glam-band (hard to believe it, but they were once a lot like POISON, RATT, CINDERELLA, and many other 1980's hair-metal acts). For this album, they turned their backs on radio-friendly and MTV-styled metal, and decided to make their own brand of music. It was a bold move, but it established PANTERA as a major musical force for the 1990's.Here, PANTERA broke away from the strong lead guitar and flamboyant vocal approach, to focus on rhythm (guitar, bass and drum) with powerful vocals that were not mixed too far in front of the instrumental tracks.The importance of this album in music is hard to overstate. The thrash and black metal scene was taking off as glam metal sank under too many made-for MTV rock-ballads, and image-mongering that sunk the bands' musical integrity or credibility with fans.No ballads here: Darell Abbott gave guitarists a set of "lessons" in the first six songs, that have yet to be fully absorbed. You want rock power? Then check out the riffing in "Domination" or "Psycho Holiday". You want speed? Then listen to "Shattered" (not the Rolling Stones' song of the same name). Thrash metal fans can feast on the title cut and "Primal Concrete Sledge". One gets the sense that Darrell Abbott had to make this album -- if only to show what he could do outside of the limited format of glam metal. The first half of the album is extremely strong material, and maot bands would probably sell their souls to to make something as memorable. The second half of "Cowboys..." is less distinctive. Still, most bands would love to make an album with songs as strong as "Shattered", "The Art of Shredding" or "Medicine Man", which feature over-the-top vocal and rhythm guitar delivery.The guitar playing is only part of what makes this a major work. Phil Anselmo comes to life here as well. While his vocal range was evident on earlier Pantera releases, his vocal strength had not been. Her he cuts loose: some songs are flat out screamers, others use higher pitched (near falsetto) singing, like Judas Priest or Deep Purple. But most of the songs feature the deeper, near-growl that became PANTERA's vocal trademark.The risks PANTERA took here clearly paid off. Despite minimal airplay and a lack of enthusiasm from music-TV networks, "Cowboys From Hell" caught on with fans -- so well that its sucessor "Vulgar Display of Power" could not be ignored, and "Far Beyond Driven" was a #1 selling album upon its release.''Cowboys From Hell'' stands a landmark in rock music -- with musicians, if not with the general public. Darrell Abbott's guitar work and Phil Anselmo's vocals, and a bold new approach to mixing metal recordings, combined here to change the way metal and hard rock were made. The band took over, and the fans became the main focus; where previously the producers were in control, and electronic media were the primary concern.Unfortunately, the 1990's were not the decade of PANTERA. Instead, increasing disagreements within Pantera over the styule and content of music, and acrimonius booze-drenched recording sessions that ended in fights, eventually led to a break-up, as individual egos overwhelmed the concern for the overall band. Separately, none of the members seemed to be able to achieve what they could together, so it's likely that PANTERA would have re-formed at some time, had Darrell Abbott not been murdered.
2/3
5.0
1112659200
B000ICMF58
Assembling cover bands and tribute albums to classic rock acts has grown into a cottage industry these days. Mainly, it has been the music industry's offset and response to declining overall product sales and the lack of staying-power for most newer acts. If the new bands and their music is 'hot today - forgotten tomorrow' then go back to the classics that people still enjoy.Many of the cover bands can do a good rendition of the original act's hits -- but hardly any of them actually match, never mind surpass, the originals. Most of the tribute albums are (and look/sound like) business deals; not serious artistic efforts. In short, they perform better on contracts & paper than they do in studio recording or other execution."Butchering the Beatles," which assembles several would-be/could-be heavy-metal and hard-rock supergroups, tackles several of THE BEATLES' tunes. It fares a little better than most tribute albums, but it still falls far short of being anything like an essential or even necessary item in any music collection.Alice Cooper, Steve Vai, Duff McKagan, and Mikkey Dee tackle "Hey Bulldog," for example. It probably sounded like a cool idea when the contracts were being drafted, and it works to a degree. But in the end nothing has really been gained, and the net effect is the realization that no one can sing a John Lennon song like John Lennon did.There are some intriguing groupings here; Billy Gibbons of ZZ Top and Def Leppard's Vivian Campbell join to give "Revolution" a hard rock sound -- technically better than the original but not likely to be embraced by THE BEATLES' "White Album" fans. Jack Blades and Tommy Shaw make sure the world knows what "Day Tripper" sounds like shot full of steroids and amped up to 11 (not bad, actually, but once again there is no chance this will displace the original as a definitive recording).Kip Winger increases the torque for "Drive My Car." The guitar and rhythm tracks are great, but he needed to pay closer attention to vocals -- the Beatles were after all, primarily a vocal and lyrical act; mainly known for a focus on 'songs', not heavy instrumental jams or long blazing guitar-solos.Surprisingly, Lemmy Kilmeister of MOTORHEAD fares the best of all, with his rendition of "Back In The USSR". Lemmy has been performing live in concert for over 35 years (with HAWKWIND and MOTORHEAD), so it seems he's developed a good feel for what works to impress an audience.Overall "Butchering the Beatles" is OK while it lasts, but when the set ends, there is no desire (or need) to hear it again. But the album may have accomplished the aims & purposes set forth by the music industry: one does feel like getting out some old BEATLES album and giving it a listen. When you think about it, that is how a tribute/cover-song album should make you feel when all is sung and done.
22/37
3.0
1161734400
B0000025BY
Somehow, PURE MANIA by The Vibrators fell between the cracks. I guess they weren't as fashion conscious as the bands that followed The Sex Pistols and The Clash.What a shame, because this CD contains some of the best punk/new wave material to come out of the UK; as good as The Clash &amp; the Pistol's debuts. The Fashion conscious bands are gone and no one even recalls their music. This CD shows that bands which eschew fashion trands are often the one's who create true art.Best cuts: Into the Future, She's Bringing You Down, London Girls, Petrol, Bad Time.
9/10
5.0
970444800
B00003Q06E
First, 'A Great Time was Had By All', or so the mix would suggest. This CD raises an age old quarrel in DJ/dance music between SPINNERZ who believe all good mixes are created spontaneously (they're like abstract expressionists who believe that the major component of art is in the creation of the work, not the work itself), and the TECH-BOYS who believe that a great production [or post production] is the key to great music; music is ever really great until a producer enhances what the artist has created.While this is not a true &quot;live mix&quot; (not mixed at an actual circuit party), but rather a crafted studio mix recorded at Red Tacones Estudios in Chicago, IL. But the studio mix allows for a much bettter sonic blend and more inventive mixes than a live set usually affords. DJ Abel has built a large fan following with his sets and CD's, but this remains his finest recorded work to date.While the XYBOYS clearly won this round, the battle is far from over, as DJ's continue to turn out great 'live' mixes, and producers continue to craft great dance CD's.Note: XYBOYS [pronounced ZY-Boys, as XY Magazine guys, and the CyberSpace-savvy ] &amp; SPINNERZ are a pair of terms first coined and used [but not copyrighted or trademarked] in this manner by &quot;TheWowBoy&quot;, a music jouralist in Austin, Texas.
2/2
5.0
969840000
B0000025IG
If you want the biggest hits, get &quot;High Infidelity&quot;. But if you want the best REO/S material, get this or the live CD &quot;You Get What you Play For&quot;.
2/3
4.0
1003363200
B00000EI3Q
Pangaea; &quot;the total land&quot; (in Greek), the giant supercontinent (in geology and tectonics). Gondwana[land]: the portion of Pangaea that became western Africa, southern Europe, North and South America. Zimbabwe; a nation on the east African plate, near the Great Rift Valley system of southeastern Africa-- the plate separated from Africa following the breakup of Pangaea, but is now rejoined.Once in a while, you encounter a created work that makes you realize that you have encountered a talent of ineffable depth and intensity. PANGAEA is such a work.For many years, this (like &quot;Agartha&quot;) was only available as a Japanese import. For reasons I caon not fathom, American jazz seems to have a more dedicated and intense following in Japan than in this country. Miles Davis isRecorded as a second set the same day as &quot;Agartha&quot;, it sounds like a completely different band. &quot;Agartha&quot; is a fusion CD; well crafted and structured, musically sophisticated, and thematically complex, yet unified. &quot;Pangaea&quot; is an intense, driven, harsh performance where Miles Davis and his colleagues have cast aside the polite and aesthetic qualities of 'good' musicians, and sound like theya re trying to call forth the lords of darkness to do their bidding.If you expect a live set that sounds like an extended version of &quot;Kind of Blue&quot;, this is not your CD. This is a CD for the people who like to listen to what's on the edge; and even though this was recorded in 1975, it's still so far out on the edge that it jars even the most jaded jazz fans even today. Unlike a lot of &quot;avant garde&quot; jazz which seemed to be just art-for-art-sake material, with its deliberately atonal, non-melodic, non-rhytmic compositions, &quot;Pangaea&quot; was clearly intended to be listened to, and compel listeners to pay close attention.On the surface, it sounds unstructured and wild, but upon repeat listnings, it's clear that Miles Davis has something he wants to say musically: erven if it is driven out of him by his internal demons. At the time, he was using drugs to keep going, and his personal life was disintegrating. It was shortly after playing this set that he announced his (first) retirement from music.While &quot;Dark Magus&quot; and &quot;Agartha&quot; can thrill you, &quot;Pangaea&quot; stuns and with its unrelenting force. Driven by the bass lines of Michael Henderson. Sonny Fortune blows some intense saxophone, but it's Miles Davis, with his funk-laden trumpet blasts who's clearly in charge of this voodoo ceremony.Normally, bass lines are either disco-ish or they're so innoccuous that they work more like background. here, they are in dynamic competition with the sax &amp; trumpet, and yet the whole work sounds like it's more 'together' than many more structuerd and planned pieces.Like the MIR, which streaked across the skies of the southern Pacific, before crashing into the sea in early 2001, &quot;Pangaea&quot; sounds like the aural equivalent; a man who's life is about to crash, making sure that he exits public view in a blaze of glory.This is a totally incredible CD. And from Miles Davis, a man who never feared to take chances or experiment, &quot;Pangaea&quot; remains a landmark in the iconology of jazz.
60/62
5.0
989884800
B00078SL3S
After a number of false alarms, heavy metal may be poised to rule once again over all other styles of "popular music". High on Fire is just what metal has needed for some time: a music H-Bomb to blow away the pretenders. HIGH ON FIRE took a huge mis-step last time, with a stoner album. The 1990's ended 5 years earlier, but apparently no one told the producers and execs at Relapse Records. So "Surrounded By Thieves" bombed commercially.There are dozens of heavy-metal, thrash-metal, black-metal, death-metal, and {insert-genre}-metal bands around with OK product, but nothing tht lasts beyond some initial hype. They've toured for a few years, and have 1 or more CD's available. But each new release follows the same pattern: fanfare at first, a little fan enthusiasm, and then 6 months later only the hardcore fanatics even remember it.Like KREATOR over in Europe, HIGH ON FIRE is the real thing however. Start with the cover art -- in rich oils, it evokes the same sense of menace and tensions that Conan illustrator, Frank Frazetta's best work does. It looks really menacing, because it's not done with digital-fake-art sofware packages or 'Adobe Photoshop', with all of the flat, lifeless digital color & shading effects.The analog realism approach is reproduced in the music too. WHile the CD is a digital recording, the tracks have very few 'digital studio effects' thrown into the mix. The result is a much more intense heavy rock sound. It's not done oftne because most bands don't really have the equipment (or the talent) to cut songs in one take, with only a few extra overdubs as filler.The music itself is dark, heavy and powerful. Like Black Sabbath (and Ludwig van Beethoven, for that matter), HIGH ON FIRE built their songs on a core rhythm with simple note structures. Lyrics, riffs, and other 'flash' were added to polish the songs. The music structure was probably inevitable, since drummer Des Kensel and bassist Joe Preston had the greatest input into the song-writing. Unlike most early 21st-century metal bands, they didn't try to make the special effects, vocal histrionics, or added guitar solos the mainstay of their songs. This CD is an excellent case study in the "less (input) is more (output)" approach to production.Like SLAYER, HIGH ON FIRE can also reproduce their sound live (since the albusm HIGH ON FIRE and SLAYER turn out are cut almost live to begin with, this is probably not too surprising). And in concert, freed from the constraints of recorded music which has to play well on everything from mini-headphones and laptop speakers to huge megawatt theater-style systems, they sound terrific.Blessed Black Wings never lapses into self-conscious attemtps to make grand statements, and contains the kind of musically primal, but modern-sounding heavy metal that few bands are gutsy enough (and not really capable) of attempting. So, unlike most metal CD's, which never make it very far into major distribution channels or major retailers (and have to be sought out in obscure corners), I expect that this CD will be widely available and popular with heavy rockers. Unlike a lot of one-shot wonders who burn out soon, it seems HIGH ON FIRE may have staying power too.Best Cuts:'Devilution''Face of Oblivion''Blessed Black Wings' (title cut)'Anointing of Seer' (back to stoner sound, but better than ever)
5/6
5.0
1108598400
B00000JHOY
Seductive, sultry, hot, cool. All adjectives apply to the songs on this CD.I have to admit I stumbled across Diana Krall's music by accident, but like any "sexy witch", she had me spellbound almost instantly. After hearing this CD playing in a store in Hong Kong, I just had to get it. At the music store, there were ads for an upcoming concert at the Performing Arts Center (one day just before Bill Clinton and Jiang Zemin were due at the Convention Center across the harbor). TO make a long story short: I never cared for Jaiang Zemin, Bill Clinton had only a few months to go before he was "history", but Diana Krall -- well, there was someone who would be worth an expensive evening out on the town. I have NEVER done that for ANY other performer, ever (bought a CD and concert tickets after just hearing a single song).May 7, 2000 Tsim Sha Tsui, Kowloon Peninsula, HONG KONG, SAR.She and her band were not good, they were awesome.This CD comes about closer to capturing the feel of a live performance than any of her others. It is also one of the few that features a drummer. As a result, it sounds fuller and more energetic than Diana Krall's other CD's. To be honest, I was very disappointed with "The Look of Love", where the jazz is buried under a miasma of over orchestration, and most songs seem to drag on, lacking the sultry seductive quality that makes this CD so sensuous and exciting.It is easy to close your eyes and imagine some scene from Casablanca or a James Bond movie with this CD. From the opening note, the songs here seduce and bewitch the listener. I think people like Carly Simon (who has the visual aspect down pat) or Emmy Lou Harris (who has the vocal range) would all but kill to record and release a CD this sultry and sexy.This is one of those rare CD's with music that would probably play as well at the Playboy Mansion (on one of their upscale nights where they wanted to look cultured and refined) as it would at The Bush White House (I'm not sure about the Clinton White House, though).Not surprisingly, Diana Krall has been discounted by some snooty jazz fans for trying to build a career on her looks. No argument here: she is a "looker", but I can testify that her musical talent and voice were what hooked me ... great looks were an added bonus.Best cuts:1. Let's Face the Music and Dance2. Let's Fall In Love3. When I Look Into Your Eyes4. Do It Again (not the Steely Dan song)
3/6
5.0
1014249600
B00000JHOY
The title sounds like a bizarro law firm, but those terms really apply to this CD. Seductive, sultry, hot, cool, classy & sassy. Those adjectives or adverbs (and a few more) could be liberally applied to most of the individual songs on this CD too. Guess that's why this one won a Grammy Award for "album of the year".I have to admit I stumbled across Diana Krall's music by accident, but like any "sexy witch", she had me spellbound almost instantly. After hearing this CD playing in a store in Hong Kong, I just had to get it. At the music store, there were ads for an upcoming concert at the Performing Arts Center (one day just before Bill Clinton and Jiang Zemin were due at the Convention Center across the harbor). TO make a long story short: I never cared for Jaiang Zemin, Bill Clinton had only a few months to go before he was "history", but Diana Krall -- well, there was someone who would be worth an expensive evening out on the town. I have NEVER done that for ANY other performer, ever (bought a CD and concert tickets after just hearing a single song).May 7, 2001, in Tsim Sha Tsui, Kowloon Peninsula, HONG KONG, SAR.She and her band were not good, they were awesome.This CD comes closer to capturing the feel of a live performance than any of her others. It is also one of the few that features a drummer. As a result, it sounds fuller and more energetic than Diana Krall's other CD's. To be honest, I was very disappointed with "The Look of Love", where the jazz is buried under a miasma of over orchestration, and most songs seem to drag on, lacking the sultry seductive quality that makes this CD so sensuous and exciting.It is easy to close your eyes and imagine some scene from Casablanca or a James Bond movie with this CD. From the opening note, the songs here seduce and bewitch the listener. I think people like Carly Simon (who has the visual aspect down pat) or Emmy Lou Harris (who has the vocal range) would all but kill to record and release a CD this sultry and sexy.This is one of those rare CD's with music that would probably play as well at the Playboy Mansion (on one of their upscale nights where they wanted to look cultured and refined) as it would at The Bush White House (I'm not sure about the Clinton White House, though).Not surprisingly, Diana Krall has been discounted by some snooty jazz fans for trying to build a career on her looks. No argument here: she is a "looker", but I can testify that her musical talent and voice were what hooked me ... great looks were an added bonus.Best cuts:1. Let's Face the Music and Dance2. Let's Fall In Love3. When I Look Into Your Eyes4. Do It Again (not the Steely Dan song)
2/4
5.0
1027296000
B0000594XQ
** Talent: about the best line up ever, with Steve Howe, Pat Thrall, Tony Levin, Michael Sturgis, and others lending their talents here.** Engineering: Exquisite, state of the art** Production: A bit overdone, but this is ASIA, a band for whom &quot;production&quot; is as much part of the art itself as the songs and the performance.** Performance: Everyone's in great form here.** Cover Art: Roger Dean (enough said--it's another work of art that makes you long for the days of 12&quot; vinyl records with those huge gatefold-covers).** Songs: What songs?That's the problem with this release. The &quot;songs&quot; just don't go anyplace. There is a lot of excellent playing and a very good set of vocal tracks from John Payne (with occasional backing from others), and aurally, the instruments are all clean, tight and well mixed (enough tonal and spatial separation to deterimine who is playuing and what is being played). Given the creativity of YES and KING CRIMSON, it is shocking to note the lack of imagination shown in Howe &amp; Levin's contributions.But the songs themselves just don't work. For one thing, there's only one actual ROCK song (a very bad thing, for an Arena-Rock act). &quot;Hands of Time&quot; suggests that ASIA can still cut it as a rock band. Thhe flaccidity of the tune is even more surprising when you realize that members of AC/DC (one of the hardest rock bands ever), and Wishbone Ash (a great early British heavy rock band) are all over the place.The failure here is even more stunning, since the members have known and worked with each other in some professional capacity for almost 25 years.On the technical side, the Engineering and mixing is (as noted) excellent. Geoff Downes is still central to ASIA's overall sound, and he is as good as ever. Steve Howe and Tony Levin are always a touch of class and style anywhere they show up, and John Payne has an excellent voice. an aside: initially, I was not sure if Payne had enough vocal strength to replace John Wetton (who could hit high notes and still maintain his dymamic range), but Payne seems to have more subtlety in his mid-range tones. Everyone else delivers a great set of tracks as well.But the sum of the parts is much less than it should be, because the material to which all the talent is applied is so bland. THe songs need more structure and they need to sound more spontaneous--less calculated.Perhaps ASIA needs to go back and listen to their own &quot;best Of&quot; or &quot;Anthology&quot; CD's, or even revisit &quot;Aria&quot; to get a better idea of how to write songs. Hard core fans are about the only ones who will go for the music here, althought the cover art might be enough to generate sales of a few extra units.It is a huge disappointment because ASIA definitely has the talent to become a top recording and touring act, with the passing of the Grateful Dead, the fragmenting of Pink Floyd and the dearth of talent in most of the newer acts.Better luck next time. ROCK ON, ASIA.
12/20
2.0
1023321600
B00000AF9N
If this CD is the glorious result, then one can only wish that more rock stars &quot;misspent&quot; their youth the way Joan Jett did.
2/4
5.0
970099200
B00005QG8K
This is the genuine article here: Blues that 'rocks the joint'. Like Clarence 'Gatemouth' Brown, Hound Dog Taylor, and even Johnny Winter on his better nights, Burnside can tear-it-up as well as anyone.More than anyone else, the set here sounds like what I imagine Lighning Hopkins would have sounded like playing an electric guitar (when he was sober).There's not much good blues being produced or recorded these days, but this CD is a must-have for any serious fan. The tunes here are not just pro-forma run-throughs, Burnside gets into the music here and makes his guitar sing the blues.Oh sure there are a lot of old familiar tunes from the standard repetore for blues musicians. But 'Rolling &amp; Tumbling' sounds as good as it ever did anyhwhere, and the same can be said of the other old standards as well.The only flaw I'd cite here is that because it's a live recording, the audio engineering is good, but not the sound is not as clean as it would be in a studio. Of course for blues, that is not necessarily a drawback. A really grungy guitar sound, with smoking bass-lines and a pounding drum beat is what live blues is all about. I also suspect that the playing in front of a live audience got R.L. Burnside &amp; company to play with more energy and emotion than they would have given listeners from the more sterile environment of a studio.Longtime blues fans, and people who are just &quot;discovering&quot; blues, alike, will be glad they have this in their collection -- for parties, or rockin' down the highway. This is one of those &quot;Too cool for Rolling Stone Magazine CD's&quot; .
6/6
5.0
1019606400
B000002IVA
An excellent follow up that contains the songs NOT included in the original 4 CD Remasters set. The reason this only gets 4 stars is that most of Led Zeppelin's best material was includeed in the first set. There simply was not enough outstanding material left over to fill up both CD's. Not much of a problem really: Unlike a lot of bands, Led Zeppelin seems to have been determined to preserve their status as &quot;rock Royalty&quot; by only putting out material that they considered to be worthy of their reputation. It meant that they only released about 10 LP's worth of material, but in so doing they have ensured that even after 30 years, most of it still sounds as good as any contemporary releases.SO, should you get this CD set? If you're a hard-core LZ fan, that is probably not a hard decision (the answer is 'of course I will -- some day').But for most people I expect that the decision is less straightforward. SO maybe this will help:If you have the first remasters collection, then this is a worthy companion.If you have several remastered LED ZEP albums, then it might be better to just get the rest of the album CD's that you want.
8/9
4.0
1060387200
0064604179
This book will not help you design applications around XML, nor show you how to use the SDK/IDE's for Java, C++/C#, etc. Nor will it explain how to write drivers for new devices, it is an excellent survey and introduction to the core concepts of information technologies.The text includes some humor, and some history. But it clearly explains the basics of information theory, and logical operations. While computing hardware and software has become more complex and subtle, the data algorithms and logical operations performed have not changed since 1950. What has changed is the speed and degree of parallelism that is used to increase hardware and software performance (speed and power).The cartoon format makes the book appear much less instructive than it actually is. But the illustraions clarify the text, as if to remind readers that a picture is worth many words. Unlike most hardcover texts, this one is likely to be read by bright or curious kids (the ones who go ot to excel in life). So, it's actually a much better book for teaching than most of the others offered by publishers (because students pick it up to read on their own).Try this test: ask someone about computing, calculation theory, and logical operations before AND after they read this book. You might be surprised at how much they learn -- it even works on those adults and old people who never seem to be able to learn anything.
15/16
5.0
1112227200
B0002SPQ1I
The system has failed? If that is true, then what are you going to do about it? Dave Mustaine decided to get a band together and put out a new heavy metal album.MEGADETH seems to be intent on serving up a mix of leftist punk political commentary, overlaid with dark occultism and conspiratorial paranoia. Lyrically, as a comment on politics or government, it is absurdly silly.However, the CD has several qualities that redeem it from the moronic lyrical content.After Dave Mustaine was diagnosed in early 2002 with radial neuropathy (a surprisingly common 'occupational hazard' for guitarists) he was forced to disband MEGADETH after nearly 20 years of recordings &amp; tours. At that time, few people seemed to care because Megadeth had long passed its prime.Instrumentally, this is the strongest work since PEACE SELLS BUT WHO'S BUYING. Of course, everything Megadeth does is compared to that album (their high water mark), but this time out, the band has managed to re-achieve those heights.The abysmal quality of metal releases in 2004 makes this album even more worthy of notice. This really blows away almost all of the 2004 competition. It's not a great album in any enduring or classic sense. But it is the kind of 'comeback' and attempt to return to glory that old warhorses like Metallica and Aerosmith seem completely incapable of producing these days.
2/8
4.0
1103241600
B0002SPQ1I
Has 'The System' failed? How do you know? But if it has, then what are you going to do about it?MEGADETH seems to be intent on serving up a mic of leftist punk political commentary, overlaid with dark occultism and conspiratorial paranoia. Lyrically, as a comment on politics or government, it is absurdly silly.However, the CD has several qualities that redeem it from the moronic and paranoid lyrics on several tracks.After Dave Mustaine was diagnosed in early 2002 with radial neuropathy (a surprisingly common 'occupational hazard' for guitarists) he was forced to disband MEGADETH after nearly 20 years of recordings & tours. At that time, few people seemed to care because Megadeth had long passed its prime.Instrumentally, this is the strongest work since PEACE SELLS BUT WHO'S BUYING. Of course, everything Megadeth does is compared to that album (their high water mark), but this time out, the band has managed to re-achieve those heights.The abysmal quality of metal releases in 2004 makes this album even more worthy of notice. This really blows away almost all of the 2004 competition. It's not a great album in any enduring or classic sense. But it is the kind of 'comeback' and attempt to return to glory that old warhorses like Metallica and Aerosmith seem completely incapable of doing these days.
2/4
4.0
1096848000
B000QUCY6C
High energy punky rock with good pop sensibilities. The best material is the selctions from &quot;TEENAGE DEPRESSION&quot;, and the singles off of LIFE ON THE LINE &amp; THRILLER (released prior to Michael Jackson's album of the same name).Unfortunately, this is basically &quot;kid rock&quot;, and while it may have sounded great in an age of disco, like a lot of 1970's material, it has not aged too well.The few standout cuts are extremely good: Get Out Of Denver (the old Bob Seger tune), and Do Anything You Wanna Do, and a few others make this a must for the punk collector, but as a costly import it will probably be one CD a less avid archivist will pass on.
2/7
3.0
1015200000
067162735X
The 1987 U.S. stock market crash gave rise to all sorts of "now is the time to panic" and "the world is ending soon" books about financial crises, and economic depressions.None of it came to pass, because the Reagan revolution demolished communism without a shooting war, and global capitalism surged in the aftermath.But in 2004, the next world war has already begun. It is an economic war, where blocs of countries are being organized and urged to join in alliances rooted in ethnicity, religion, or nationality. It is also a culture war, rooted in religion and ethnicity (Islam against 'the west') with a long history that makes it far less amenable to a rational or peaceful resolution thatn was 'The Cold War'.The US failue to define terms of engagement, and thereby control the outcome of the Iraq war of 2003-2004 is the end of the dream for a Pax Americana, with the US acting as the arsenal of a unified, largely democratic world. Instead, we have the non-polarized and chaotic world that authors Davidson and Rees-Moog feared.It is a world where capital flows along paths of least resistance, and once welthy populations are devastated by capital outflows. Governments will likely become more tyrannical and shift from benevolent welfare statism to active police statism -- to preserve order.The book takes its title from the infamous Baron von Rothschild quote about investing where blood runs in the streets. In such places, people crave peace, and safety. They care not who makes the laws, nor who coins the money.WHile this book seemed absured and hyperbolic in 1987 (like most of the gloom and doom texts of that year), it sees eerily prophetic looking ahead past 2004 and 2005. State-less terrorism is a defining power in today's world. Economies with aging populations are becoming consumption societies, which produce less as the populations age. As exports drop, net inflows of wealth dry up, and the results are soaring government debt, declining employment opportunities for younger people, and increased class divisions and stratifications.The "great depression of 1990", predicted by dozens of authors, was postposned by the fall of communism, and the expansion of capitalism into eastern Europe & Russia. The collapse of Communism also resulted in a 'peace dividend' that reduced defense costs in the U.S., and provided financial capital to fund new business ventures and fuel economic growth.The U.S. federal reserve (and other central banks) keept inflation low by funding productive rather than defensive projects. The commercializing of formerly military & defense technologies (the internet, for example) generated economic expansion. That was a cyclical expansion, dependent on the creation of major new growth industries. In the 1990's it was information technologies (communications, networking of data systems, and the opportunities created by rapidly dropping costs for Information Technology equipment. Biotech and life-sciences, the next (current) new industry, has not proved to be stable or predictable in terms of products and markets. Financing models are far less certain.The economic growth and expansion cycle made possible by the 'peace dividend' and the rapid global advances for Information & Communications tecchnologies postponed the "great depression of 1990". But with a new global war clearly underway, defense and the economic austerity needed to fund a long term global military effort will be the focus of governments. Civil peace is out, and general prosperity is no longer a priority. Thus, it appears that the expansion cycle is coming to an end. The Great depression of 1990 may become the (even greater) depression of 2010.It is almost scary to read this book from 1987 and realize that the authors may be correct, but their time-line was about 16-17 years ahead of events.
8/10
5.0
1087776000
B0000032GE
This is the definitive George Jones collection as far as I am concerned. Jones has continued to make geat records, and is still a major contender for 'cool' in country music, but the early material on this CD is what MADE the legend upon which Mr. Jones was able to sustain his career.This is almost rockabilly; the stuff that drove crowds wild for legendary performers like Elvis Presley, Marty Robbins, and dozens of other ''music greats'' who acknowledge that they owed as much to Country Music as they did to Rhythm and Blues for their success.Jones' later work with Tammy Wynette and Epic records was more commercially succssful, and it is also excellent. But his early work has a level of intensity and energy that the later work is missing. So his best work with Tammy Wynette and on his own is no less essential for a complete collection of good music. But unlike the later music, this early material just sounds like &quot;must-own&quot; material. Listening to it makes one realize why Jones has been such a success for so long: HIS talent, not engineering and production talent, is at the core.Many fans of today's country &amp; western radio might find this a bit too close to rock and roll. But people who think too much of today's radio-format-friendly Country and western is just &quot;velveeta music&quot; (not only cheesy, but also synthetic and artificial), who want more upbeat cover-songs by Alan Jackson, Dwight Yoakam, or Brooks &amp; Dunn will find this to be a breath of fresh air.
6/6
5.0
1037318400
B00000IMFG
While there are 3 John Blair &quot;Best of NYC&quot; CD's, this First one remains the best. While the hard core will like the later ones, a better song selection, and a better choice of mixes make this the 'John Blair presents...' CD to get.Best tracks:Someone to Hold (Veronica) Muscles (Club 69) Body (Funky Green Dogs - Club 69 Remix) Come (Martha Wash - Hex Hector Maximum Room Mix)
3/3
5.0
969840000
B00000IMFG
Of all the &quot;John Blair Party&quot; CD's, this is the only one that stays in my collection. The others are OK, but this one has a better song selection, and doesn't get to sounding old after a few listens.Hot dance tunes, and a great mix here [nice cover art too ^_^ *wink*]
2/2
4.0
970185600
B000002J1Y
There were some truly awesome acts on radio before video shortened attention spans to under 3 minutes, and hairdos replaced musicianship as a key factor in music marketing.This double CD captures the most talented and successful lineup of YES, at their best. Extended versions of their best studio material (from FRAGILE, CLOSE TO THE EDGE, and THE YES ALBUM) sound far better here than they did in the studio versions (the version of 'Yours is No Disgrace' is worth the price of this CD alone, IMHO).While YES had a few great moments (mostly individual songs, and albums like 'Drama' or '90125'), they never captured their talent or the excitement of a live performance as well as they did here (although the recent 'Keys To Ascension' comes very close).progressiove rock, for the &quot;college crowd&quot;. Sadly, a quarter century of musical dumbing down by music-video networks, and the disco &amp; rap producers, have made this kind of music virtually incomprehensible, due to its complexity and sophistication, to most listeners.
12/13
5.0
951004800
B00003003W
Standout Cuts include Cevin Fisher's &quot;Music Saved My Life&quot;, Terry Mulan + Halo's &quot;Nickel Bag of Funk&quot;, Durnango-95's &quot;Drum Decay&quot;, and Stefano Libelle + HH's &quot;Liquid Groove&quot;.Very danceable, high energy breakbeat grooves here.
1/1
4.0
963187200
B0000300DB
John Lee Hooker gives new meaning to the Muddy Waters phrase "The blues had a baby and they named it Rock and Roll".There are other Hooker collections available, but Charly was the label that got the really cool stuff together back when hardly anyone realized what truly cool music sounded like (it was the age of disco when 'the most popular music' totally [stunk]). Anyhow, this collection has a mix of well known and obscure tunes, all of which are classic rock archetypes.U2, Bruce Springsteen, Keith Richards, Eric Clapton, and just about anyone who ever did blues-based rock paid tribute to John Lee Hooker at some point. Like all great blues, this stuff is really easy to play, but extremely hard to play really well.Best cuts: "Dimples", "Solid Sender", and a really spacey but haunting version of "Will The Circle Be Unbroken".
0/0
5.0
1023062400
B0000300NZ
A smooth set full of great trance rhythms and edgy breakbeats. More focused than bedrock, more forceful and upbeat than the Northern Exposure Work. The trance scene looked like it was going to become mired in fast airport muzak in 1999, but fortunately, the trendsetters broke the 'dance music' mold again, and are now gathering great techno &amp; electonic tunes from all over; mising them into killer sets. Digweed may have more people throwing new records at him than most DJ's, but he's selected some great pieces of work here--world class dance trax in a 'world class' city (Hong Kong).This and the &quot;communicate&quot; CD (with Sasha) are both exceptional listening and dancing music. Worthy additions to a CD collection.
1/1
5.0
968371200
B00094ASOK
The title track is vintage Dwight Yoakam material: a heartbreak and honky-tonk ballad with a plenty of guitar twang, and a world of hurt in Yoakam's vocals. And there's plenty more of the same on "Blame the Vain."Dwight Yoakam parted with guitarist/producer Pete Anderson, this teim. The album languishes as a result. Keith Gattis steps in on lead guitar, and though he's good, the songs just don't make you want to listen again. Result: Yoakam's first attempt at self-producing is his first certifiable flop.I also question his judgment on some songs."Intentional Heartache" sounds like a novelty record, with its hyperactive bongos and spoken-word comedy(?). Also, the fake British accent and New Wave synthesizer riffs don't work at all, for the more straight-up honky-tonk of "She'll Remember."Fortunately, most tracks suggest thateven if this album flops, Yoakam can come back ... but probably not without another person acting as his procducer. THe wickedly witty wordplay and raw emotions of great honky-tonk cuts are still there. But the engineering sounds too sterile. Dwight Yoakam probably needs to team up with someone like Jack White, who understands why 'DIgital is Evil' -- look whata it did for Loratta Lynn in 2004. "Lucky That Way" and "Does It Show," almost get it, but neither has that warmth that makes a song a hit, or even a country & western radio staple. A "Suspicious Minds" guitar groove in "When I First Came Here," also offers some hope that Yoakam will collaborate with better people on future projects.Music,like love itself, is not getting any easier as time goes by. Yoakam may need to change direction, but I think he's benefir more from just going back and listeinng to his own earlier work, starting with "Guitars, Cadillacs, etc. etc.".
4/20
3.0
1120089600
078972040X
@ECHO OFF:: CALL SYNTAX1 = mak_TodayDate.BAT:: CALL SYNTAX2 = mak_To~1.BAT:: CREATES TODAY.DAT USING THE CURRENT SYSTEM DATE VALUE:: DATE FORMAT: ccyymmdd:: parameter::: sets a SYSTEM VARIABLE called cymd = to the value in TODAY.DATdate /t>TODAY.DATFOR /F "tokens=2,3,4 delims=/ " %%D in (TODAY.DAT) DO echo %%F%%D%%E>TODAY.DATset cymd=IF "%1"=="" goto end:: if a parameter was supplied, then set System Variable cymd = the value in TODAY.DATFOR /F %%a in (TODAY.DAT) DO set cymd=%%a:: if the parameter = 'del' (case insensitive), then delete today.datIF /I %1==del del TODAY.DAT:end* * * * * * * * * * * * * * *DOS does more these days, and under Windows-NT/2000, XP, etc. there are a number of great command line tricks that make DOS more like Unix or Linux.DOS is also useful with Windows Scripting Host and other command-line utilities that most users never access or call. While DOS is not a "systems programming" language, learning the command syntax can make for some powerful and useful O/S level process control and management.Other flashier languages and O/S's get more attention; Linux, Unix, etc. have made inroads, and DOS is looking more like unix or Linux (with inflected command syntaxes, switches, options, etc). While Linux and Unix are common in corporate environments, DOS is still in the core O/S of most laptops, and on most desktops.Microsoft has not extended MS-DOS in nearly a decade. With Windows-2000, XP, Windows-7, (and newer DOS versions) now available, a new, updated set of DOS might be needed. Until thenn, this book can serve as a comprehensive reference text
0/0
4.0
985651200
B00026YMUQ
OK, this is not going to be platinum material like "All The Pain Money Can Buy" was. But, actually, except for the big hits, neither was most of the material on "ATPMCB" either. I wanted to give this 5 stars, but I think that FASTBALL is going to put out even better material in the future, and I think that the "everything is superb" rating system is like collegiate grading: it undermines the credibility of the institution (in this case, AMAZON.COM). 4 Stars is a very strong rating, and well deserved here.Musically, "Keep Your Wig On" is a stronger work overall than anything else FASTBALL has released. But the lack of an obvious "hit single" places them at some risk of being labelled as 'has beens' or 'burnouts'. Such labelling would be extremely inaccurate however.FASTBALL recorded their CD in Austin, which they still call home. Since they never acted like "rock stars" when they were on top (they would still talk to fans, and still hung out with friends), they were able to come back home with a lot of great road stories. And their fans back home are really glad that FASTBALL is back.They launched it at Waterloo Records. FASTABAL played most of the songs off of "Keep Your Wig ON" and a few of their older hits. The crowd showed their appreciation by buying up copies their new CD (and their older ones too). FASTBALL members signed posters & flyers. So, even if radio stations and "We're too big for those lowly fans" mags like BILLBOARD & ROLLING STONE ignore the CD, it was clear that the music has a lot of audience appeal. I expect it will be a popular addition to Low Power and College-FM stations next fall.Lots of songs really grow on you with repeat listenings, especially "Til I get it Right", a version of "Louie Louie", "Drifting Away", "Someday", and "Shortwave".
1/2
4.0
1087257600
B0007KIG1I
Instrumentally, THE PEELS sound like one of the best bands in the business. That's good, since the band's name is truly awful. The band plays hard rock, not Top-40 pop, as their name suggests.But this CD, and the band, are most likely headed for oblivion. Every song starts out sounding very strong -- until the vocals cut in, and sink it. The thin whiny pop-song voice is badly mis-matched against hard rocking guitar bass and drum tracks.This was a big problem at their 2005 SXSW Showcase too, where the pop vocal stylings only served to undermine the instrumental playing, and made them "just another boring band" in concert. Even the local music media ignored them.If the Peels can't find a good vocalist, they're probably better off disbanding.
0/4
3.0
1111968000
B0007OY3V6
Commercially, Heavy Metal is in deep trouble. Most releases are not selling, there are too many "next Black Sabbath|Judas Priest|Slayer ... etc.} bands that crash on launch, and there is far too much weak or generic-sounding "product" released. THe lack of strong product and the lack of new ideas for new acts has caused radio, CD distributors and other commercial interests to look elsewhere for sales and customers. Besides, any metal band whose main claim to fame is that they sound just like someone else is really saying that they have nothing original.So, here comes Killswitch Engage with their 3rd release. They have built a strong regional reputation touring around southern New England, largely on live shows. They're often paired with "Shadows Fall", but their musical approaches are not similar.First, KSE can write SONGS, as opposed to just musical compositions. Songs are musical compositions, but they contain instrumental hooks, melodies, and lyrics that uniquely identify them, and which people can recall. That differentiates this KSE album from most of the independent metal CD's treleased in 2004. WHile most metal bands can play fast and furioulsy in concert, few can sustain much fan interest after they leave the stage.KillSwitch Engage have crossed that critical commercial threshold. Consequently, their next CD release is likely to be picked up by a major label distributor.Unlike a lot of recent independent metal releases, KSE's songs feature a return to 'classic rock' themes. There's an emphasis on epic sounding choruses, vocals that carry a tune (not just growls and shrieks), progressions rooted in rhythmic patterns and scales (not just speed and thrash), and lyrics that can be understood (not just unintelligible words -- most of which probably mean nothing anyhow).The strongest songs are A BID FAREWELL, WHEN DARKNESS FALLS, and A ROSE OF SHARYN. The title track veers toward the 'heavy metal power-ballad' (obligatory format for 'radio hit' songs), but does not detract from the rest of the CD. It's clear after listening to this CD why Adam Dutkiewicz (guitarist, co-producer) is in high demand to produce for other heavy metal bands.Unlike MEGADETH, whose comeback album 'The System Has Failed' was a welcome return for a heavyweight act, KILLSWITCH ENGAGE are relatively new and unknown (outside of Massachusetts & Rhode Island). So, they did not have a huge legacy of material or fan base waiting for new material. But after this CD, that seems like it's all about to change. Watch for KSE to become a very big-name heavy metal act after 2005.
1/1
4.0
1105056000
B000002KDG
Neil Young is one of the very few artists who can be equally convincing as a balladeer with folk leanings, and as a heavy metallist.If this is rock and roll, then &quot;Rock and Roll Can never die&quot;, as long as Neil Young lives.As an &quot;elder&quot; of popular music genres, Neil Young seems to care little for what's in fashion this season, and as a result, his music tends to stand up well as time passes. This CD sounds as powerful as anything being recorded today, manages to present excellent music from two genres: the laid back California sound of the Eagles, and the hard-edged British punk sounds of bands like The Clash.This one's a MUST
0/0
5.0
950572800
B000002KO3
This is one of those CD's that alters the way in which you listen to pop and dance music: like the best works of 'Sun Ra', 'Jimi Hendrix', 'Lou Reed' or 'David Bowie', and bands like 'The Rolling Stones', 'The Doors', or 'Cream', it never gets &quot;old&quot; or sounds &quot;out of date&quot;.&quot;Talking Heads&quot; '77' and subsequent CD's showed a progression. Musically, they went from an arty new wave act that was fueled by enthusiasm and a desire to create something new, and moprhed into a band that melded dance pop with progressive rock in a way tht inspored artistic talents such as David Bowie, Robert Fripp, Tony Levin, Adrian Belew (King Crimson). Unfortunately, the realitities of the Music Industry being what they are, the progression in artistic merit was accompanied by declining sales as &quot;Talking Heads&quot; talents developed and were applied to songwriting.Talking Heads attained their artistic peak with 'Remain In Light'. Afterward, they still produced quirky and intelligent music with good pop and dance sensibility. It sold better than REMAIN IN LIGHT (thus keeping the &quot;Talking Heads&quot; catalog commercially viable), but it lacked the brilliance that drove the progression of their earlier work. Talking Heads commented on Warner Brothers/Sire's desire for simpler pop oriented tunes on their next release (by titiling it 'Fear of Music', and giving most of the songs one-word --even monosyllabic -- titles).This is one CD where the abstruse yet still accessible quality of the music is communicated well by the cover art. The original vinyl-LP reproduction was larger, and the opalescent qualities of early digital video imaging were easier to discern than on the CD.REMAIN IN LIGHT bears the production influences of Brian Eno well. Like David Bowie's &quot;Station To Station&quot; or &quot;Low&quot;, and Devo's first CD, it contains a mix of progressive and dancable songs. But unlike most &quot;pop&quot; CD's, the song here are complex and run about double the length of typical pop tunes.There is a bootlegged recording of Talking Heads' 1980 concert from Boston, MA that is almost like a tibal ritual; the audience and the band clearly fed off of each other's energy and enthusiasm in a manner that is extremely rare in popular music. THe material from REMAIN IN LIGHT is by far the strongest.'Born Under Punches' and 'Once In a Lifetime' were great dance hits, and the latter made it into MTV's heavy video rotation. 'The Great Curve' is probably too complex for the dance floors of America with its blend of African and high-tech polyrhythms. All of the songs here work well as both listening and dance/party tunes.The only track that does not quite work is 'The Overload', the final track. It is the one that bears the heaviest Brian Eno content and influence; it's too long, becomes repetitive to the point of near monotony, and suggests that producers are best suited to facilitating, not creating, music productions. But that weakness [and it's only the 2nd half of the song that drags] is minor and does nothing to detract from the brilliance of the rest of the CD.REMAIN IN LIGHT is one of those 'essential recordings' that conoisseurs of excellence will find that they can not do without in their music collections.
7/8
5.0
1027123200
B000008FZ2
Billy Idol, with his striking "blond hunk" good-looks, and clever musical chops, became an overnight sensation in the UK in the late 1970's. Idol's pop sensibilities, combined with the punk look, limited the Generation-X appeal in the US initially. Like they young Elvis Presley of 1955-1956, with his buns and crotch bursting out of snug leather, Bill Idol and Generation-X looked dangerous, and sounded great.The songs here have not aged much at all. They still sound contemporaty. In fact, one wishes that the music industry would get rid of all those lame boy bands and sign more rock groups like Gen-X.Gen-X was short lived (like Elvis Presley's first Band), but like the initial Elvis band, their influence has been far greater than sales would suggest. It is not too much of an exaggeration to say that this band, not the later coining of the term by some author, was the real origin of the "GENERATION-X" label. Quite an influence!There's not a bad song here. The only improvement I'd suggest is upgrading the artwork on the liner & sleeve (Gen X had very HOT publicity photos).Billy Idol became a big MTV star, but except for his intial solo reseases (DON'T STOP and BILLY IDOL and some songs on the VITAL IDOL compilation), he never re-created the sexual energy suggested by the Generation-X. Messy personal problems got in the way of his music, and seemed to cause it to all lose its edge as the 1980's wore on. In the end, Idol becema almost a parody of himself it seemed.Naturally, the critic hated it all (they NEVER get anything right, and they never have, it seems--they all hated Elvis too at first). The bands that the critics all touted quickly sank into oblivion.Great CD for listening, and as a document from the early Punk era.
6/6
5.0
1016928000
1932857060
Alexandra Kitty reveals as true, what a growing number of people have long suspected: the media reports their biases, not the facts.Senior news directors at most TV stations, and editors at most news papers have biases and prejudices that lean heavily toward socialist economics, left wing social engineerning, and support for other destructive agendas. The journalism schools know this, and teach students accordingly. The result is that colleges and universities no longer train people for jouralistic or fact-gathering excellence -- instead, they filter out all but the most extreme leftists from the ranks of prospective news reporters and editors. Creative writing has replaced facts.Alexandra Kitty shows how extremist feminism, pro-abortion reporting, extreme anti-business views, environmental radicalism, support for pedophilia and homosexuality, and several other radical views have become "mainstream" in media reporting, as the content of "news" has increasingly become tendentious and misrepresentative. Ms. Kitty documents how the media have all bue abandoned fact-based reporting in favor of sensationalism and selective presentations of carefullly arranged facts that serve as propaganda for the causes favored within the culture of modern media. She also shows how the media's internal culture has become increasingly isolated and removed from the real mainstream views and experience of most Americans.The most extreme media views are the product of what Roger Kimball termed "tenured radicals" (in his 1990 book of the same title), and what Allan Bloom identified as "the closing of minds" in his landmark 1987 tome. The top editors and content directors in the American media long ago closed their minds to facts, and insisted on political correctness as a condition for promotion or advancement in their organizations. Newly hired reporters and college graduates quickly learned that sensationalism and left-wing reporting (even if it was full of outright lies) were a ticket to advancement, while balanced or objective reporting that stuck with the facts led to a stalled career.The result has been a series of high profile cases where top reporters have been caught reporting complete fabrications, and gettign off with just a mild reprimand.Ms. Kitty shows that the cases of Jayson Blair and Stephen GLass were not unusual; what was unusual is that they were careless and left a broad paper trail that led to them being caught in their own webs of fabrications and falsehoods.Alexandra Kitty has a long career in criminal investigations, and what she has uncovered in American (and Canadian) media is a crime of sorts: the media's claim to be reporting "news" is a fraud. This is a shocking book, not likely to be reviewed in your local newspaper, or in other commercial media.
10/30
4.0
1112572800
B000050HX3
Global Groove has to be the most frustrating CD series ever issued. The cover art, all photographs by David Morgan, are just stellar, but the music is, well, just old and queeny. Someone needs to tell the DJ's at GG that the 1980's ended over a decade ago.This is the first Disc that seems to be aiming at guys still young enough to dance and mix it up at the Twink-clubs and Circuit Parties. That old flaming disco stuff may have been hot at Studio-54, but this is the age of electronica and XYBOYS who do killer post production work, aurally enhancing songs to make the beats stronger, the tonal separations crisper, and the mixes hotter &amp; cleaner.&quot;PUSH IT&quot; was a promising and encouraging disc, and its follwo-up &quot;MASK&quot; is even better. One hopes that Global Groove wants to actually SELL discs, instead of just having everyone discuss the cover art. By the way, as long as the topic of cover art is in play: This photography all but demands to be made available as posters. While this is a great music CD from Global Grooves, the mixes have a way to go to catch up with the excitement of the Visuals in the cover art. More hard-edged XY-Boy &amp; Twink mixing, and less ''old disco flamer'' music would sure improve sales I suspect.BEST TRAX: 1. INFINITY FEET (feat. DUANE HARDEN) -- When I dance With you. 2. MARQUIS -- Ride Like The Wind. 3. SM TRAX -- At The Club 4. BLEACHIN' -- Peakin'.
0/1
4.0
982195200
B000OCZEUK
Imagine that: a journalist who actually thinks! Bernard Goldberg cites facts about the actions and behavior of several prominent liberals, and concludes that they are underminineg The United States.If Goldberg were wrong, then this book would be ignored, and quickly dismissed. But since there is so much reaction (positive and negative), the book is likely on target in most of its charges."Our critics are our friends;they show us our faults."-Benjamin FranklinSome people think that 'objectivity' requires that journalists should never draw any conclusions or voice their opinions (even when those opionons are based on the facts they lay out). But in a time when liberal journalists long ago abandoned balance or objectivity (adn some are honest enough to state that from time to time in their writings), it seems reasonable to expect that some conservatives can also engage in 'perspective-based' reporting and analysis.Of course, anyone is free to take issue with the selection of people who are "screwing up America". For example, I'm not convinced that Michael Jackson belongs on the list of 100 people -- though his lawyer might. And no doubt that is one of intents Goldberg had in mind when he wrote and titles this book. Provoking robust debate is nothing new for authors: it's been a function of literature in westeren culture since at least the times of Plato and Aristotle.* What values and ideas are best (or worst) for America?* Why are they positive (or negative)?* What should be done to 'accentuate the positive, eliminate the negative...'?* How should conflicts of values be resolved?Goldberg attempts to address these directly, by saying who, what, where, how, and why he thinks is wrong. Perhaps Goldberg will be placed on a similar list of "people screwing up America" by a dissenting author some day. But that's a professional risk he seems willing to take.The people screwing up America fall into 4 braoad camps, in Goldberg's view:1) The Hollywood movie culture (narcissistic and politically ignorant, but with great media access, powerful and destructive);2) Liberal professors and teachers (tenured radicals and sinecured idiots -- able to warp young minds);3) the media themselves (full of people mis-educated by the professors, and pining after celbrities);4) Liberal advocates and activists (mainly the bored spoiled offspring of over-indulgent parents).Even if you disagree with the text content, the book is worth reading. It is well-written, and full of the sharp wit that Mr. Goldberg has honed for decades as a journalist. Some people cite his earlier book "BIAS" as the beginning of the end for CBS. CBS itself finished the job when Dan Rather used forged documents in a surprisingly clumsy effort to discredit president Bush. So, perhaps with audiences tuning out Hollywood (movie attendance, CD sales, etc. are all down in 2005), and broad dissatisfection with how public schools are being run under increased federal control, the twilight of the liberals seems to be drawing near.
30/52
4.0
1124064000
B0001EFTTW
This movie is dull, the characters are unengaging, the plot is trite, and the pace is glacial. Waste two hours watching this movie and you too will want to warn others.'Nuff said.
6/20
1.0
971222400
B00004Z7G9
The KOSS Pro-4AA's were not made for iPod/MP3 headphone users. TO begin with, they reveal the low fidelity of MP3 files (compared with LP's or CD's). Also, they require a 1/4"-to-3.5mm (or other) adapter in order to plug into most recent audio playback and computer equipment.These Headphones have been around a long time. Check out the old photos of the "Watergate" hearings from 1973/1974, and notice that the Senators & attorneys were all listening to the Nixon tapes through KOSS Pro 4AA headphones. Their longevity is mainly due to their extermely high fidelity audio reproduction. Unfortunately, their age has made them somewhat inconvenient for most listeners, since they are very heavy and a bit cumbersome.NEGATIVES:1) Weight (about 3 or 4 times as heavy as most contemporary studio-reference headphones)2) Tight headband - as noted, the fit is fatiguing if your 'hat size' is greater than 7.3) The coiled cord is extremely difficult to replace (it's actually less expensive to replace the entire set of headphones of you can get a good discount).POSITIVES:1) AUDIO FIDELITY. Unless you want to spend at least $300 for a set of headphones, the sound quality and fidelity of the Pro-4AA's is almost impossible to beat.2) VALUE. As noted above, for the price you pay, these are vastly superior to any other headphones that are comparably priced.3) DURABLE. My first pair lasted 30 years. They were dropped and knocked around, and finally gave out when (It think) a voltage spike surged in the left earphone, fusing a coil.4) ISOLATION. THe paddded earphones block out external sound very well.The sound fidelity is preserved over a wide volume range. These sound great at low and high volumes.The biggest Positive (and the reason why I prefer to use Pro-4AA's for audio mixing, other studio applications, and serious listeining) is that they are extremely unlikely to be stolen. Size matters: they are heavy, and bulky so they're not easily concealed; and since iPOD or MP3 players use the mini plugs, these require additional hardware. If you just want 'jogging/exercise music', then these will not work well. If you want hi-fidelity at a bargain price, the Pro-4AA's are still the best choice around.
13/13
5.0
1137110400
B0000560SS
As usual, the David Morgan photography is just stunning. But what's been lacking from the Global Groove series (except for the better tracks on PUMP IT, and to a lesser extent those on THRILL) has been music that cuts the edge and commands attention the way the cover art does. This CD is the best in the series, and since it's the most recent, that's very encouraging.This CD is starting to move GG away from the 1980's sound that's made earlier efforts so dreary, and probably hurt sales enormously. While ther is nothing really wrong with the old disco flame music, it's just part of the past--and the past is DeadsVille in dance music.Trance, hard-edged electronica, sophisticated digital post production and other engineering in today's studios makes the older music sound queeny and out of touch, no matter how good the producer is.This CD has more of the new sounds and a harder edge than anything released to date in this series, and it's extremely good. But Global Grooves still needs an &quot;over the Top&quot; mix of new sounds to really establish themselves as serious players. This CD will have enormous appeal to fans of dance music, but it won't break out to a wider audience.Get a hipper and younger group to select music, an have &quot;XYBoys&quot; doing post-production on these mixes, and the sales should zoom.Best tracks: 1. PAUL VAN DYK -- Tell Me Why (The Riddle) 2. DJ WILL/PREZ ZING -- Somebody Found Love 3. JESSICA PARKER -- Come On 4. THK -- France 2000.Finally, I still maintain that the Global Groove cover art screams to be made into posters--or is that screaming coming from the fans, most of whom aren't wish that CD's themselves were as good as their covers?
3/5
5.0
982195200
B000002LDY
Just about anything and everything you need to have a complete &quot;hits&quot; collection from The Ramones. The Ramones are like junk food: everyone pretends to hate the stuff, but truth be told, they can't get enough of it.While this CD won't make you fat, stupid, and diabetic (like too much junk food will), it may make you deaf--especially if listened to at the intended maximum volume. Oh well, they make good hearing aids these days--and they're gettting better all the time.Seriously though (serious? this is a CD by THE RAMONES!), really, though, this CD reminds us that The Ramones made music that mattered. Every rock fan likes something by The Ramones, and any hard core rock lover owns at least one CD by the band. My favorite studio CD was &quot;Rocket To Russia&quot;, and that is well represented here. Of course, it is hard to decide when presented with a &quot;greatest hits&quot; package whether or not to get the hits--which always leave out at least one song you really love, or whether to buy 4 or 5 CD's just to make sure you get everything you like by an artist.If you only buy one studio CD by The Ramones, this is the one to get. It not only presents the band's best known work, it's also a great selection of songs--for fans of any flavor of rock music. If you want what truly is The Ramones' greatest release, check out &quot;IT's ALIVE&quot;, a live set recorded in England, back in 1978.
4/4
5.0
972950400
B000002LIU
I'm not much of a Country &amp; Western fan. I like some of it, but outside of a few Brooks &amp; Dunn, Alan Jackson, George Strait, and Willie Nelson tunes, I can't think of too many songs that I consider &quot;must have&quot; music.Dwight Yoakam is an exception here. I'm recommending this CD only because it does have D.Y.'s big 1980's hits, but I would caution readers that to really get a feel for how good this guy is, you need to check out the CD's from which these songs were taken (&quot;Guitars, Cadillacs, etc&quot;, &quot;Hillbilly Deluxe&quot;, &quot;Buenos Noches from a Lonely Room&quot;, and more)...and more than likely, after listening to this, you'll do that anyhow [the songs here are THAT good]. Still, for those of us who are just tourists in the world of C &amp; W, this is a superb selection of songs.Like most of Dwight's material (before and after this hits CD), the songs make on wonder if perhaps one has misjudged C &amp; W all together: I mean, Dwighty Yoakam isn't the only one doing great C &amp; W, is he? Well at the time this CD came out, no he was not. Clint Black, George Strait and dozens of other new artists were doing great Country music. Some time after 1990, the music became formulaic and monotonous (&quot;velveeta music&quot; is how one Austin DJ described it: not just cheesy, but synthetic to boot!). Fortunately, it's finally stopped selling too, so perhaps there's hope for the innovators like Mr. Yoakam.Best cuts here: Streets of Bakersfield, Guitars &amp; Cadillacs, Please Baby Please, Honky Tonk Man, Little Sister, ... jeez they're all great. In fact, most artists would be lucky if their &quot;greatest hits&quot; packages included one song as good as anything here.After this, you'll probably want more Dwight Yoakam, so check out his &quot;greatest hits of the 1990's&quot; CD next (unless you're alread a fan, in which case you already own all his CD's, more than likely.
10/10
5.0
1003363200
B000002LMK
Neil Young stands as one of the great &quot;anti-heroes&quot; of rock. For over 3 decades, he's played pretty much what he wanted, with very little regard for whether or not it was &quot;commerical&quot;. Despite their attitude, Neil Young and Crazy Horse managed to rack up a huge string of hits, and a large fan following anyhow. While Neil and his band are grateful for the support (and the 'counrty homes' and all that comes with success in rock and roll), they still refuse to &quot;sell out&quot; and do comfortable pop tunes. Instead, from time to time, they unleash a thunderbolt. This CD is one such thunderbolt.This one captures Neil Young and Crazy Horse at what they do best-- grunge. Released almost a year before Nirvana's (equally stellar) major label debut CD, this CD makes the recent material from so called heavy rock bands like Aerosmith and Van Halen sound almost wimpy by comparison.*Perhaps the reason Neil Young and Crazy horse don't do &quot;battles of the bands&quot; is that their firepower is so overwhelming, it would simply destroy most of the competition after they played the first few bars.Suffice to say, this is an awesome piece of hard rock, done by one of that genre's true masters of the art. While Neil &amp; Crazy Horse have done grungy metal for decades (on Everyone Knows This is Nowhere, Rust Never Sleeps, and several other CD's), they've never quite captured their live energy and intensity as well as they did here.After you hear the new grunge guys (Alice in Chains, The Cult, and possibly Soundgarden), listen to the old man, and he'll teach you how this music should really be played. Except for Nirvana (who are tragically, gone) none of the newer grunge artists have equalled this CD for sheer songwriting, musicianship, intensity, and edginess.* Just for the record, I like a lot of Aerosmith &amp; Van Halen's works.
42/47
5.0
950572800
B000002LOI
This CD features later Sinatra hits. Many of the songs that made 'The Capitol Years' stellar are re-done here, with slightly different arrangements.Also featuresd are Sinatra's most popular and best known songs, including &quot;Strangers In The Night&quot;, the theme from New York new York, &quot;Send In The Clowns&quot;, and more. This is one of those CD's that (once you hear it), you will feel that you just MUST have in your collection.
1/1
5.0
970099200
1557731756
I like action movies, and TV. Chuck Norris is reliable and delivers in his films. But this book reveals a depth of character that seems to be depressiongly rare in the entertainment business.In the end, Mr. Norris is an optimist.He thinks that things will eventually work out OK.He thinks that people can overcome adversity.H thinks that people can succeed if they really apply thmeselves.But he notes that success is rarely easy. Persistence and attitude are everything, and that strong character is essential. What are the elements of a strong character? According to Chuck Norris, they include the same qualities that The Boy Scouts and other institutions which claim to build character stress: Honesty, bravery, humility, humor, loyalty, commitment to truth, learning, duty, assissting others, etc.If this book has a cental falw, it is the long (and often tedious) sections detailing some of Mr. Norris' films. But woven in wiht the narratives are some excellent insights into the value of strong character.In the value free world of entertainment and media, Chuck Norris is not afraid or ashamed to state that &quot;right&quot; and &quot;wrong&quot; are valid and applicable concepts. He gives several concreate examples to express his life philosophy and the validity thereof. Being didactic and judgemental are often frowned upon in media, entertainment, and publishing. But Norris makes a case 9with anecdotes and examples) that sound judgements premised or rooted upon well-formed values, are a positive thing.In the end, a portrait emerges of a man shaped by his values, not his past. And Chuck Norris had a very hard start in life. But he decided that he would not fall into despair; instead, he would rise above expectations, and succeed.I can recommend this book for many reasons. THe two main reasons I do so are that it dispels the cyncial belief that honesty and good values are no longer worth anything. And in the end, Chuck Norris' life story serves as an inspirational motivator; to go out and make something of oneself.This is a very positive book, and one I highly recommend.
5/5
4.0
1091577600
B000JG80A2
Spielberg's version of H.G. Wells' 1898 novel "War of the Worlds" is big; full of visual action and thunderous sound. Well, what the hell, it's a war movie. He captures the book's theme (that humans might be insignificant on a cosmic scale) in a modern context. His visual motif (he recently admitted) is the Islamic terrorist attack of September 11, 2001, which he crudely re-enacts as a set of Martian attacks. The results onscreen are surprisingly convincing.Inducing horror with slow, deliberate action punctuated by dreamlike silences is not a new cinemattic device, and Spielberg over-uses it a bit. But most of it still works -- evoking flashbacks to the tension-building scenes from "Jaws", and "Duel". But for "War Of the WOrlds" the scale has been increased -- almost dwarfing the attacks on the World Trade Center & The Pentagon. Action movie fans get plenty of what they expect here: falling bodies, faces covered with human remains, missing person posters, crashed-jet parts, and other carnage.The vignettes from the book that were chosen for the screenplay make for a somewhat un-even plot."WAR" starts out strong. Ominous dark clouds, lightning bolts. earthquakes, etc. It's a lot like the scenes in "Jurassic Park" (just before the T-Rex gets loose). After watching people being vaporized by aliens, Tom Cruise hijacks a minivan, grabs his kids and splits, stupidly heading for his ex-wife's house (a gas tank away from where the aliens started their mass killing). The plot focuses on the squabbling family members.Cruise's character (Ray Ferrier) decides to learn more about "the enemy". Onscreen, it's about as interesting as a watching an automaton. Unable to develop either a strategy or a resistance, cruise bores the audience with alien trivia. It's another mediocre performaance -- on (sub) par with his role in "Minority Report'. Spielberg's direction, which did not call for Cruise to act like an "action hero" is eerily reminiscnent of the Bush administration's incompetent response to 9/11: put America on homeland security lockdown, don't retaliate against the worst enemy states, and make a speech, and issue bromides about helping others. Once it's clear that Tom Cruise might as well a "Pod Person" (about half way through the movie), War-Of The Worlds becomes an out-and-out drag..Cruise's Son yearns to shoot back, Dad won't let him (I still don't know why), and the daughter just screams for most of the movie. The world has gone to hell, and this trio doesn't do much besides shriek, cry and watch corpses float down the river. Man is powerless, which is to say meaningless, and, as Morgan Freeman's narrative explains, he can be crushed like a bug by random acts of nature.The impersonal mass-killings acutally get tiresome. The loss of any sense of individuality, and the absence of any heroes, suggest a very short box office run, and lackluster DVD sales will be this movie's fate.This version of "War of the Worlds" is like a set of Americana paintings splattered with blood. THere are hordes of average people shown living in chronic fear, surrounded by fresh dead bodies. The depictions look realistic --remember, it's patterned after the 09/11/2001 terrorist attacks.Although Speilberg intended that this be a horror/action movie, it jsut doesn't work all that well. Unlike DUEL, which involved a psychotic (and never-seen) truckerd), or JAWS, which involved a shark--realistic since shark attacks do occur from time to time, WAR OF THE WORLDS is a bit preposterous. After the end-credits roll, you can get up and walk away knowing it's all rubbish: thre are no violent or malevolent "Martians" to worry about.Action: 5Cinematography: 8Acting: 3Directing: 5Plot: 3SP.Effects: 8Overall: 5
8/14
3.0
1120089600
0062730991
How well do you understand gene expression? WHat is the fucntion of Transfer-RNA? What does Messenger-RNA do? How does DNA code for protiens? WHat do the various substructures in cells do? WHat is natural selection? What is mutation? What makes evolution a valid scientific theory, but creationism a religious superstition?Not all of these questions are fully answered in this book, but the concpets, contexts, and facts needed to frame those answers are provided.Because bio-tech and life sciences are moving so quickly, some of the information in this book has been supersceded by new learning (one example is the number of genes in the human genome -- it's about 32,000, not 200,000). But the core concepts of how things work, and how genes drive the process of evolution are explained through clear language and illustrations.The cartoon format is a bit un-orthodox, but in plain language: this book puts about 99% of the high school and general science college texts to shame.I have given this book a 5 star rating with a bit of reluctance, since some of the information needs to be updated. But the updates needed are minor and deal with arcana that is not encountered until biology, bio-chemistry, pharmacology, or pre-med students are in their 3rd year of undergraduate studies. So for the other 99% of the population, this is a better source of information and insights into genetics than they are likely to find elsewhere. The lack of technical jargon does tend to over-simplify in places, but it also makes the book far more readable for "lay people".The need for a well informed and scientifically litereate general population is critical for bio-chemists, geneticists, mulecular biologists, etc. Critical research funding and a lack of luddite-suspicions of bio-sciences depend on a general population that understands the basic ideas in genetics, and is not likely to embrace religious superstitions or similar ignorance as a substitute.So I highly recommend that people read this book. It enhances overall knowledge of a complex topic. Further, by explaining the science involved, it resolves a long standing conflict between {science | reason} and {religion | superstition}, in favor of {science | reason}.
0/2
5.0
1112227200
B00005UNEB
WHen musicians get older, they usually go downhill and sound...well, old. I had begun to think that age had finally overtaken Willie Nelson a few years ago, since his CD's just didn't seem to have much spark, and while the musicianship was competent it just never sounded ''inspired''. His 1998 release, 'Teatro', was the lone exception during the 1990's.SO, my expectations had been somewhat lowered in anticipation of this CD. Frankly, I was thrilled when Willie Nelson violated all expectations and put out one of the best "country & western" CD's in years. Except that it's not actually County & Western. It's more of a folk/blues CD. Nelson tries rock/pop material, and has mixed success, but his blues & folk songs here are the ones that work best.The title cut gets better upon repeat listenings. If this CD has a central flaw it is that there are are too many collaborations that seem experimental. The Lee Ann Womack duet (Mendocino COunty Line) is truly sublime, but "Kid Rock" adds nothing to his tune (Last Stand in Open County). The biggest surprise is 'Time After Time', a song originally recorded by Cyndi Lauper in the mid 1980's. Neslon's re-interpretation makes one wonder if Lauper would consider a new mix of her old hit at some point. Several songs here also seem to have benefitted from the input of Elton John's collaborator in chief, Bernie Taupin.If you think that most Country & Western radio today is "velveeta music" (cheesy and synthetic), then you'll just fall in love with theis CD. It draws its tunes and arrangements from a rich mix of mainly folk, blues, country -- with touches from other genres mixed in.This is a CD that ''goes back to the roots'' in many ways: several old songs are resurrected, and the production is very sparse by today's standards. No obvioulsy digitized voices, no synthetic harmonies, no electronically re-created or re-processed instrumentals. Just willie & his friends. In short: this is the real thing.Even though it's 2002, this CD sounds like a return to the days of itinerant Country singers who played in smnoke filled honky tonks, and bars (before those Politically Correct air-fascists banned smoking just about everywhere).If you like digitized Pepsi-pop-stars, boy bands, velveeta and other cheesy synthetics, then this may not be your choice. But if you love ''real music'' by real music men, then this CD is a keeper.
6/7
4.0
1013212800
B000PHW2KE
As tribute and cover albums go, this is definitely a standout -- probably one of the all time best rock geek-fests ever recorded. But to quote an old song; 'there aint nothing like the real thing, baby'. The originals defined rock, or have stood as outstanding works that defined an identity for the original recording acts.TESLA has established themselves as a sort of nerdy cult-act here: like the guys who dress up as their favorite characters at Science-Fiction or Comic-Book conventions. TESLA's efforts here remind me more of TODD RUNDGREN's 'Faithful' album than last year's 'Yeah!', from DEF LEPPARD. DEF LEPPARD said they just wanted to go back and do the songs that originally brought them together. TESLA seems to be determined to be taken seriously -- they want to re-position themselves from "1980's hair band" to Summa-cum-Laude grads from "The School of [classic] Rock". So as a rock band, TESLA seems doomed: Rock and Rollers are the ones too cool for that $h!t they teach in school.Instrumentally, TESLA has the sheet music nailed perfectly (it's clear that they all can READ music). And on nearly all songs, the audio-engineering is superior to that on the originals (the mix is cleaner, the sound more precise, etc.).But weak vocals were what kept TESLA from achieving superstar status, and got them lumped in with MTV hair-band hacks. Vocally, Real-To-Reel a mixed bag. Unfortunately, the vocal shortcomings sink the album commercially. Beginning with 'Highway Star' -- the opening track -- the singing lacks the vocal power of Ian Gillan, and the song sounds like a really good rock-band-camp rendition. Size matters when it comes to torque and engine power, and TESLA comes off like a bunch of over-turboed rice-boys racing a big block American Muscle car (unlike some movies, the Muscle Car overwhelms the ricers in real life). Bottom Line, DEEP PURPLE remains a supergroup, TESLA remains the ultimate wanna-be geek band.'Highway Star' sets the tone for the rest of the album: precise but unexciting musicianship fronted by withering vocals. The next track, a cover of 'Walk Away' (by THE JAMES GANG w/Joe Walsh) reinforces the sense that something crucial is missing here: this is the prep-school-kid version of a biker-gang song (wow, that is just like Todd Rundgren!). One noteworthy vocal exception here is the LED ZEPPELIN cover, 'Thank You'. Unlike many early LED ZEPPELIN songs, 'Thank You' was a vocal showcase for technique over strength, and TESLA succeeds here where they don't on the heavy power-rock tunes.The only outright failure here is 'Honky Tonk Women'. Mick Jagger may get criticized for not being a great singer, but TESLA's awkward effort here is almost painful to listen to all the way through. Another problem with this song is that NO ONE (in TESLA or any other band) seems to be able to do Keith Richards' signature guitar riffs like Keith himself can.The best tracks here are the heavy blues-rock songs, where the vocals are suborned to the instrumental components. Power riffs and chords, backed by a solid rhythm section. Where technique and finesse are more critical than raw power, the vocals here work very well. But when it's time to power up and kick out the jams, TESLA short-circuits.Other worthy cuts:Hand Me Down World (originally by THE GUESS WHO)Bad Reputation (originally by THIN LIZZY)Rock Bottom (originally by UFO)I've Got a Feeling (oringally by THE BEATLES)Bell Bottom BLues (orignally by ERIC CLAPTON)I give the album 5 stars for several reasons:1) The techncial quality of well engineered analog audio blows away nearly all the ameteurish digital crap that most bands release2) The quality of the musicianship demonstrated here3) The overall cratsmanship of the performance, and the recording4) Despite the rock shortcomings, this is one of the most listener-friendly albums of 2007.
12/25
5.0
1183420800
B00005QK8Y
Pretty tepid stuff here. Nothing bad, but not much that really stands out. Every song starts out very promising, with a thumping dance beat, but quicly bogs down in a mushy 1980's dance mix (you know, the multitracked, high pitched female vocals, and synthesizers layered so deep they bury the rhythm tracks).There's better stuff out there for both dancing and listening: this one is for the over-the-hill dance clubbers. The biggest &quot;thrill&quot; here is the photography on the cover.
0/0
3.0
969494400
B00005EBPQ
After 'Pure Holocaust' received lots of press attention (but didn't sell very well), Immortal put out what amounts to their version of a speed or thrash metal album.On the whole, it's a better production than 'pure Holocaust' (Immortal's previous release) but it has split their fan base. People either regard it as Immortal's best work, or as the album that consigned them to metal-hell: a place where they would get lots of publicity but never make any money.This is the last album where Demonaz was able to put forth an all out effort. He suffered an arm injury (acute tendonitis) and had to leave after 1997. Maybe the speed, fury and constant touring did him in. At any rate, this is probably the last 'authentic' IMMORTAL album. The 'Sons Of Northern Darkness' album from 2003, and the interim releases from 2000, 2001, etc., are too different in sound, personnel, and musical approach, to be considered 'true' IMMORTAL albums I think.One nice thing about 'Battles in the North' is that the songs get better as you get toward the end. Blashyrkh (Mighty RavenDark), stands out because of the excellent guitar riffs near the end. But there is nothing bad or mediocre here for black/death metal fans.Scandiavians, as most black & death metal bands remind everyone, were not Christian until they were forced to be so: they are pagan. Chrisitanity (and more recently, Islam) are not welcome in Scandinavia. Those religions wer imposed by force, and never really accepted as an authentic part of the heritage of Norsemen, Vikings, or even Celts. The music attacks the religions from the Mediterranean Sea as alien, and oppressive (which they are and were). That is why the music is heavily censored in Christian countries like the U.S.A., and in Christian-turning-Muslim countires likemost of the ones in the E.U.Sad, because metal is the true rock music. Black and death metal (especially Norwegian black & death metal) have received bad press because of the ill considered acts of a few musicians, and that has served as a vehicle for the press to discredit the genre.But this is a very worthy addition to a metal collection. Like 'Pure Holocaust' (Immortal), and Dark Tranquility's 'In The Gallery', it's one of the standout metal albums of the 1990's. Check it out.Best cuts:Blashyrkh (Mighty Ravendark);Cursed Realm Of The Winterdemons ;Throned By Blackstorms ;Grim And Frostbitten Kingdoms.
7/8
5.0
1133222400
B00004TQSB
With 3 C.S. releases as of the date of this review, this remains the best--not by just a little bit either.
1/1
4.0
970185600
B00004TQT4
John Blair's first &quot;Party&quot; CD with David Knapp is an absoulute killer dance CD. This one seems to hold out a lot of promise, but quickly lapses into the sort of kitsch and corniness that makes country &amp; western sound like music for intellectuals, by comparison.Most songs start out with great latin, breakbeat or funk grooves, but soon bog down with the introduction of showtune and gimmicky 'hooks'. Maybe it was a great experience if you were out on the dance floor that night, with modern technology delivering the proper brain chemistry and sensory stimulation. But on CD, without that particular ambience and altered blood chemistry to accompany the listening experience, it just doesn't work.It used to be a standing joke that Rock Against Drugs was just air guitars and lip synching. And certainly that great rock acts were at their peak when they were heavily into drugs (even though those drugs left them destroyed afterward). Think about it: when did Led Zeppelin, the Rolling Stones, Rod Stewart Aerosmith, Van Halen, Paul McCartney, Eric Clapton, etc. all do their best work?But dance stuff requires a bit more concentration and a clearer head to be done right. Timing, pacing, and knowing what segues well (and being able to execute it right) are critical. Sadly, this mix seems to suffer -- was the DJ mixing work &amp; pleasures; getting high on the crowd's supply?While there is nothing 'bad' here that makes you want to change CD's, nor anything that makes you want to skip immediately to the next tune, this CD is just not up to the standards one would expect from a John Blair effort. Truth be told, it's better than most DJ's are capable of (of course too many DJ's are untalented hacks hired by clubs because they'll work cheap, not because they are actually skilled).Get JOHN BLAIR PARTY Volume 1 (DJ David Knapp), and wait for Volume 4. My guess is that New York best DJ's are better than this CD would suggest.
8/9
3.0
966816000
B0002IQAZO
Sait Vitus never achieved much in their days of recording and touring (back in thr 1980's). They were buried by megastar metal bands like Judas Priest, Iron Maiden, Metallica, and Ozzy Osbourne (solo). Bands like Motely Crue, Guns and Roses, and several dozen "hair metal" bands managed to push stoner/doom bands like SAINT VITUS so far back that by the time the 1980's ended, few people seemed to recall that they ever existed. But with the return of metal, after the record sales collapse caused by Boy Bands, pop-divas, American Idols, and other musical farces, Saint Vitus is experiencing a resurgence in popularity.Musically, this sounds a lot like Black Sabbath's VOL4 or Master Of Reality albums, with a little more blues rock-and-roll. This is probably not surprising, since "St Vitus' Dance" (a medieval term for Multiple Sclerosis) was a song on Sabbath's Vol.4 album.As "doom " or "Stoner" rock goes, this album is one of the best. Unlike a lot of thrash, it is surprisingly listenable -- no ear fatigue from too many notes played at exactly the same speed and volume. And unlike most death metal, the songs don't self-destruct as soon as the vocals kick in.Fans of analog audio will love the tube-amp fuzz and distortion in the guitars here. The re-mastering job is a huge improvement over the original (a lot like the MEGADETH remasters were). Tyhe drums sound like drums (not cardboard boxes), and the bass is tight but still booms out with plenty of energy (the older recordings made it sound muddy and almost sloppy).Best tracks:Living Backwards, Petra, I Bleed Black.
9/11
4.0
1112054400
B000EULK3C
REBEL MEETS REBEL "F*CK Y'ALL, WE'RE FROM TEXAS" (popular T-Shirt in The Lone Star State)On the surface this seems to be an un-likely and un-workable combination: Alt/outlaw country and extreme metal.Alt/outlaw county musician & songwriter David Allen Coe, and heavy metal thrash/shred-guitarist Darrell 'Dimebag' Abbott, known mainly for his work with PANTERA, join forces. Upon listening, it's clear that this almost accidental collaboration was one of those rare moments where the end result is much greater than the sum of the individual parts.Coe spent most of his younger days in prison. After moving to Nashville to write & play Country music (while living in a Hearse), he toured with Grand Funk Railroad during that band's heyday, because he draws as much from Rock as he does from Country. But he never fit any molds: Coe's concerts became notorious for their unpredictability -- he would often roar up on-stage astride his enormous Harley-Davidson, swearing at the audience. He cultivated a large cult following with his act, but he couldn't break into the mainstream. He's back on the biker circuit these days -- and judging by the reviews, fans love it.Coe's biggest hits went gold for people like Tanya Tucker, Willie Nelson, George Jones, and Tammy Wynette. Darrell Abbott's & Pantera's biggest hits were barely heard outside of the metal-community (althought PANTERA did top the Billboard Album charts in 1994 with "Far Beyond Driven"). Pantera's big problems were internal personality conflicts that evenutlly led to the band's break-up up in 2002.It's sad, but this album has probably ONLY been released because Darrell Abbott (Dimebag) was brutally killed when a deranged gunman opened fire during a club performance in December, 2004. Dimebag's brother, Vinny Paul Abbott, put this album package together and released it on his own record label (VIN RECORDS). The material, according to the liner notes, was recorded from 1998 -- 2003, and both David A Coe's and Dimebag's record companies declined to release it. Their loss.With 3 of Pantera's 4 members playing behind Coe's vocals, it definitely has that PANTERA sound, even though it's different genres of music.REBEL MEETS REBEL is unique and hard to categorize, but it's also way-cool. I'm not sure if this will win many new fans for either PANTERA or David Allen Coe, but it might cause both of their fan-bases to consider broader possibilities. Few hard-core Country fans are going to like it, because the instrumentals are shred-heavy metal (no surprise: that's what PANTERA was all about). And I'm not sure how many hard-core Metal fans are going to like the vocals (which are much more Country than Rock). However, I think anybody who listens to a wide variety of music will 'get' this. Reading the liner notes will really add to your overall appreciation of how similar Coe and Dimebag were in many respects.Like a lot of other cool metal-heads, Dimebag was a big fan of David Allen Coe. Though he was a'big rock star', he stood in line to get Coe's autograph after a show in New York City. Coe was impressed enough that he proposed getting together, and the end results were the recordings here. But what really makes this work so well is the clear enthusiasm, and the utter lack of pop-calculation that undrlies the recording sessions. This sounds like it was lots of fun for all who were involved."Rebel Meets Rebel" opens with "Nothin To Lose", featuring hard-driving guitar riffs that set the tone for most of what follows. "Rebel Meets Rebel" and "Cowboys Do More Dope" are either country rocking-hard ,or a metal variant of heavy foot-stomping music. Good ol' country boys. of rock and roll. It's a candid overview of Dimebag's spontaneous and fun-loving rock and roll attitude.As much as ever, Dimebag showcases his diversity as a guitarist on this album. He goes from skull-crushing metal-riffs to folk-acoustic, blues and country styles -- revealing that he may have been one of the world's best guitar players when he was alive. Dimebag had a heart of gold according to those who knew him (and on that point there is too much consistency and agreement for any doubts to remain). The warmth of his personality is very evident on two near-ballad songs; "Panfilo", and "Heart Worn Highway." The writing talent of Coe and the playing talent of Dimebag get better as the CD plays on.From start to finish, Vinnie Paul Abbott lives up to his billing too -- never missing while laying down pulverizing drum beats. The rhythm tracks (with help from Rex Brown on bass) prove to be the backbone of this album. There are many southern rock influences on this album, and David Allan Coe really does a great job, adding a Thin Lizzy/Lynyrd Skynyrd twang to the vocals in most of the songs.Other highlights of this CD include "Arizona Rivers" and "Time." "Get Outta My Life" is the most 'metal' tune on the disc, with a classic Dimebag guitar-solo for the ages. That solo, coupled with Coe's echoing vocals (and backing vocals from Hank WIlliams III), makes it a potentially classic Metal song. The riffs on songs like "No Compromise" or "Time" are far better than anything he laid down on the sole Damageplan CD release.I expect that this is one of those albums that might sell slowly at first, but it's likely to pick up fans and listeners over time. It's easy to dismiss it as a drunk-musician's party gone out of control (and that is pretty much how the liner notes describe the actual recording sessions), but that would be a big mistake.Posthumous releases rarely feature great sound and production like REBEL MEETS REBEL does. Dimebag's guitar playing here is some of the best he's ever recorded. And David Allen Coe, free from the constraints of today's Country , has never sounded so enthusiastic or relaxed in a studio. I'm not sure what Coe himself thinks, but contemporary Country is called "Velveeta Music" in private -- not only cheesy, but full of unhealthy synthetic ingredients -- by some of that genre's major stars.Vinnie Paul gets a heartfelt "Thanks" for putting this one out. Hope there are more.
17/17
5.0
1152489600
0895260190
The proliferation of media channels, which devolved power away from networks and other oligopolies has devastated the political left, according to this author. From the interenet to public access TV, a nationwide grassroots rejection of the liberal media has taken place. In brief, this book documents two phenomena: the rejections of the lies from the left, and the self destruction of the left's credibility in the United States.How have the old media oligarchs have reacted? With speech codes on college campuses, hysterical accusations of hate and bigotry (from conservatives) in the media they control, and with calls for more political correctness. It all amounts to a shocking display of contempt for free speech by the general public, and a complete rejection of diversity in the marketplace of ideas.The left has been clobbered by their own arrogance, hypocrisy, and dishonesty.Hollywood has tried-and failed-to write conservatives out of the movie industry. But the public has rejected movies made by leftist insiders who push homosexual, pro-abortion, and anti-American themes in their films. Instead, conservatives have been rewarded at the box office (if not at the Academy Awards). Similar efforts to blacklist conservatives have also been implemented for music, television shows, and book publishing.The author notes, for example, that the New York Times and other so called mainstream media claim certain movies, books and music are 'important'. But they fail to note that music, movies, and books written or published by conservatives outsell the liberal ones -- often by wide margins.Media bias in the 2004 Kerry-Bush race was so extreme that it made a mockery of objectivity and "journalistic ethics". In fact, CBS was caught with documents that were such obvious frauds, that CBS News has completely lost any ability to expand, or even to retain, its market share.Conservative students are turning the tables on their left-wing professors at campuses across the nation. Professors hired under affirmative action and other preference programs are being exposed as academic frauds whose professional credentials are either fake or worthless. Also, the value of a liberal arts degree has fallen to zero: it no more guarantees a good job than does a High School diploma or GED certificate.Media and academic liberals-seeing their monopoly on information and communication disappearing-have embraced extremism and conspiracy-mongering. The Democratic party, unable to win at the ballot box, is claiming fraud in every election. THere are calls to abolish national government and implement UNOccupation by the left-- because they (correctly) regard bureaucratic world tyranny as their only hope for maintaining power.But what is really striking about the content here is that if you 'read between the lines', you realize that despite the power of media to propagandize, the American public has not allowed itself to be brainwashed by media and academia. Instead, a majority of the public has rejected leftist media brainwashing.Like the communist governments of eastern Europe, the liberals are 'on the run' as their bases of power crumble and disintregrate under the pile of lies upon which their empires were based.Be of good cheer, the revolution is ending, the good guys are winning.... and it was all televised.
27/40
5.0
1114041600
B0006BZ2K6
City Planning, a dismal field dominated by craven kleptocrats, shifty real estate developers, sleazy lawyers and lazy desk jokey bureaucrats, gets a much needed upgrade here.From the outset, Jane Jacobs makes it clear that this is an attack on City Planning as it's done by most city governments. It's almost Jeffersonian in its recommednations: teh cities that are the most livable are those which are the least planned by top-heavy, over-manageed bureaucracies.Like all whose insigts are brilliant, Jacobs' observations and recommendations are deliberately distorted or totally ignored by those who are actively involved in "city planning" in nearly every American City.THE ECONOMY OF CITIES and Jane Jacobs' writings generally, serve to illustrate the major problems for those with brilliant insights, sagacious advice, and great wisdom: the people who should be the prime audience are not interested.
12/16
5.0
1005004800
B00000428Q
There are many recordings of Beethoven's 9th symphony, but after hearing several of them, I'd have to say that this is likely to be the reference standard against which most (if not all) future recordings and performances of Beethoven's 9th will be compared.The recording is extremely clear and well engineered, but it is the performance by the Chicago Symphony, and Solti's conducting of that orchestra that makes this a standout in any collection.Beethoven's 9th celebrates the best of humanity's hopes and aspirations; it is one of those rare works which moves people across cultures, languages, and other barriers that exist between different groups of people.As a musical work, Beethoven's 9th stands almost in a class by itself; broader and deeper in scope and concept than nearly any music ever written, it serves well as a soundtrack for a total solar eclipse or some monumental human achievement (perhaps the next lunar mission will be accompanied by this CD, to emphasize the magnitude of the accomplishment).Many rock fans mistakenly believe that classical music is too dainty or low key to be exciting. Well, they are in for the surprise of their lives if they check this CD out: it &quot;out rocks&quot; just about any contemporary popular act with its melodic, tonal, and dynamic range.If you ever fly on the Concorde (assuming that the planes ever fly again), this would be the CD to have playing in your headphones--especially if you're the pilot.
9/11
5.0
975369600
B00005YRGO
While this CD could have been written by me, or someone like me, based on my teenage year experiences, I'm content to let those years remain part of the past at this point.There's no doubt about the energy &amp; enthusiasm of the band here (it'a kind of refreshing to hear gay guys who sound like they're having fun just cutteing loose musically, on a CD), and I hope that the lyrics will let gay boys know that they are not 'wierd' or alone in their fellings, or fantasies, but this is not without some serious flaws as a piece of recorded music.First, the engineering is terrible. The mix has no depth, and the band's sound changes little from song to song.Second, the songs themselves are musically undeveloped. Most just start and stop after about 3 minutes. There are not enough tunes here with good musical progressions, hooks, rhythmic themes, or any of the other attributes which make great rock music memorable.Third, the lyrics tend to get a bit preachy in places. But fortunately, the preachy ones are barely intelligible over the guitars.But on the plus side, the music does capture the uneasiness and fear which confronts most gay boys (who are often lonely, and, due to the social pressure to conform, unable to express their sexuality without experiencing some backlash from classmates or others).Also, despite its callowness as art, the CD does sound appropriately puerile to appeal to the teenage boys it's undoubtedly aimed at.
1/2
4.0
950572800
B000BTJCRM
Wolfmother has been raised on rock -- specifically, raised on 1970s rock. Problem is, from all appearances on their debut CD, they picked up the worst influences from groups like The White Stripes and Queens of the Stone Age. So, once they dug back to original Led Zeppelin and Black Sabbath texts (stopping along the way for some Soundgarden discs and, maybe, for lyrical inspiration from Yes and Rush), they indulged themselves so much that they messed up the aesthetics.Wolfmother has tossed everything and anything together, not bothering with minor problems like how their frenzied retro-rock doesn't quite support songs with titles like "The White Unicorn" and "Where Eagles Have Been". Led Zeppelin drew inspiration from JRR Tolkien, Nordic and Celtic mythology. Black Sabbath did songs about fairies and gnomes, but neither band sounded as puerile, inarticulate, or confused as Wolfmother does here. Their navet&eacute; is not limited to just lyrical stock of swords 'n' sorcery imagery. Wolfmother mix up their musical clich&eacute;s in ways that prove to be completely silly, as riffs lifted from Soundgarden ("Rusty Cage" provides the opening for "Joker & the Thief") give way to a Q.O.T.S.A. stomp that sounds like it's being sunk by Jack White (whose influences are evident on "Apple Tree"). "Witchcraft" is beyond salvage: a complicated Led-Zep riff is placed against a Jethro Tull like flute solo.I suppose that the problems here could be blamed on their youth. All of this material was new to them, and they absorbed it all at once, quickly regurgitating it. But the result is a messy up-chuck, not a good blending of influences. Most of the songs are unlistenable, and don't seem to make much sense to anybody familiar with their inspirations. The CD reaches is nadir on a clunky funk-rock workout of "Love Train"; it won't make sense to anybody anywhere.At times, Wolfmother's unintentional and bizarre forays are interesting, but in every song they grow tiresome, and the album is not one you can really listen to all the way through (unless you're completely buzzed or stoned). Wolfmother does have a basic, brutal sonic style that could work -- if they can take direction, and get a strong producer at the helm. But on this album, even at their best, they sound like they desperately trying to mimic other bands throughout this muddled debut.They have enough of a good thing going here to suggest that they'd be a great live band, but not enough to make this record memorable on its own merits.
4/8
3.0
1148947200
B000002NHH
Well, Fleetwood Mac have not been too active in recent years, and the 'lineup' has changed from time to time. Aftee 20 years, could the most successful Fleetwood Mac lineup actually still perform their big hits and not sound embarrassingly awful? &quot;The Dance&quot;, as an answer, is a resounding YES!While Fleetwood Mac has been a mainstay of radio for years, and their music seems to fit well in some country, pop, rock, and other formats, they have not played live in ages. After hearing this, one wonders &quot;why not?&quot;.The standout track here is Stevie Nicks' &quot;Silver Spring&quot;, which, despite its almost folk-rock sparseness, is probably the best vocal recording Nicks has ever made; here (and on the DVD version with the video), her performance is both sublime and rivets your attention.All of the other big Fleetwood Mac hits are performed with a lot of energy, and it's clear that for the band, this wasn't just a &quot;let's get together and take peoples' money&quot; tour; they seem to be out on a misson: outdo themselves (by recording old hit and making them sound new), and to enjoy themselves. The enjoyment is infections, and it's hard to listen to this without 'getting into the groove' with the band.Just about everything from the FLEETOWWD MAC/RUMORS period that was a hit is performed here -- all of it sounds fresh, upbeat, and the overall effort is downright thrilling. The version of 'Tusk', from the album of the same name, features the USC Trojan band, and ther are other, simliar, touches that make this a very memorable and enjoyable listen.There are also a few new cuts, and (like the Eagles new songs on 'Hell Freezes Over'), they sound like they might need a little more work.Fans will no doubt not need much to convince them to check this CD out. But even those people who are not F.M. fans might be blown away by Stevie Nicks' rendition of &quot;Silver Springs&quot;.
0/1
5.0
973814400
0425186873
A revealing look into the nature of organized Crime in Russistoday. While it is probably true that the typical Russian gangster isa vodka swilling buffoon, the people who exercise control over thevast and growing criminal empire that now controls the government anddirects the economy in post-Soviet Russia is far more like an Americanoperation. In fact, it works closely with very influential Zionistsin America.Did you wonder why nothing was said or done when $50BILLION in foreign aid given to Russia ended up in the pockets ofgangsters?Do you wonder why the media never peer into the workingsof global crime networks and give a comprehensive view of how theyoperate, and why they are able to stay in business despite the effortsof powerful governments?Did you ever wonder why there have been noinvestigations into the links between banks and drug money?Whatabout the rumors concering alleged joint US/USSR laboratorydevelopment of the HIV (AIDS) virus? How would it have been doneduring the cold war?And, are the citizens of the Unted States ofAmerica now being maneuvered into a new cold war withChina?According to Mr. Friedman, if these allegations are true,they are due to the manipulations by international Zionists who exertinfluence and control over the very governments that claim to befighting such criminal syndicates.In fact, claims Friedman, thegovernmetns (such as that of the U.S.) have directed their efforts atwiping out only the non-Zionist organized crime syndicates, while aU.S./Russian/Israeli global mafia has come together during the past 50years. The Russian-Zionist Mafiya is far more ruthless and wellfinanced than any criminal organization in history. They are nowbecoming more prominent and better established in America,...unorganized criminals are taken out by the efforts of localpolice.This book provides a number of &quot;missing links&quot; ininformation that allow one to see that politics, foreign policy, andnews reports about internationaal affairs are often grossly illinformed and inadequate (if not downright stupid). A fascinating&quot;read&quot;.
9/13
5.0
971654400
0425186873
A revealing look into the nature of organized Crime in Russis today. While it is probably true that the typical Russian gangster is a vodka swilling buffoon, the people who exercise control over the vast and growing criminal empire that now controls the government and directs the economy in post-Soviet Russia is far more like an American operation. In fact, it works closely with very influential Zionists in America.Did you wonder why nothing was said or done when $50 BILLION in foreign aid given to Russia ended up in the pockets of gangsters?Do you wonder why the media never peer into the workings of global crime networks and give a comprehensive view of how they operate, and why they are able to stay in business despite the efforts of powerful governments?Did you ever wonder why there have been no investigations into the links between banks and drug money?What about the rumors concering alleged joint US/USSR laboratory development of the HIV (AIDS) virus? How would it have been done during the cold war?And, are the citizens of the Unted States of America now being maneuvered into a new cold war with China?According to Mr. Friedman, if these allegations are true, they are due to the manipulations by international Zionists who exert influence and control over the very governments that claim to be fighting such criminal syndicates.In fact, claims Friedman, the governmetns (such as that of the U.S.) have directed their efforts at wiping out only the non-Zionist organized crime syndicates, while a U.S./Russian/Israeli global mafia has come together during the past 50 years. The Russian-Zionist Mafiya is far more ruthless and well financed than any criminal organization in history. They are now becoming more prominent and better established in America, as blacks and other unorganized criminals are taken out by the efforts of local police.This book provides a number of &quot;missing links&quot; in information that allow one to see that politics, foreign policy, and news reports about internationaal affairs are often grossly ill informed and inadequate (if not downright stupid). A fascinating &quot;read&quot;.
4/6
5.0
971654400
007050668X
I approached this book thinking that it would yield insights into how the United States was so unprepared for the attack on Pearl Harbor. It seemed appropriate in the aftermath of the September 11 attacks, to see if the United States had failed to learn from the past and condenmed itself to repeat it.What I found between the covers of &quot;Verdict of History&quot; was a thick skulled and fatuous account that, in a nutshell, said &quot;this stuff just happens, and no one is to blame&quot;. As anyone who read &quot;The Valor of Ignorance&quot; (Homer Lea), &quot;Strategy&quot;, by Lidell hart, the writings of Thucydides (a successful ancient Greek General) or other books on military strategy and the nature of warfare realized, the Japanese attack on the US Pacific Fleet was predictable -- and in fact was first discussed in military and political circles as a likely event in 1905.The author of &quot;Verdict of History&quot; impressed me only with his staggering and colossal stupidity: evidenced in the book by his complete lack of analytical skills, and his obtuse lakc of comprehension when it comes to strategy. In fact, I think the author is probably a candidate for most inept debator of the century: he asserts that Roosevelt's administration was not derelict in exercising its duty or responsibility to defend the United States, and then he provides hundreds of pages of text that indicates that they were (At Dawn, They Slept..and in the afternoon and evening as well, apparently). Mr. Prange seems to have done a great deal of research but learned absolutely nothing from it ... regrettably, that's par for the course with academic writers.Throw this one into the rubbish can of history.
8/52
1.0
1007337600
007050668X
I approached this book thinking that it would yield insights into how and why the United States was so poorly prepared for the 1941 attack on Pearl Harbor. It seemed appropriate in the aftermath of the September 11, 2001 attacks, to see if the United States had failed to learn from the past and had thereby condenmed itself to a repeat.What I found between the covers of "Verdict of History" was a thick skulled and fatuous account that, in a nutshell, said "this stuff just happens, and no one is to blame". As anyone who read "The Valor of Ignorance" (Homer Lea), "Strategy", by Lidell Hart, the writings of Thucydides (a successful ancient Greek General) or other books on military strategy and the nature of warfare realized, the Japanese attack on the US Pacific Fleet was predictable -- and in fact was first discussed in military and political circles as a likely event as early as 1905.The author [...] asserts that Roosevelt's administration was not derelict in exercising its duty or responsibility to defend the United States, and then he provides hundreds of pages of text indicating that they were (At Dawn, They Slept ... and in the afternoon and evening as well, apparently). Mr. Prange seems to have done a great deal of research but learned absolutely nothing from it. Regrettably, that's par for the course with academic writers.[...]
6/42
1.0
1007337600
0275957896
The subject of race, the role of intelligence, and the differences that exist between racial groups in their intellectual capacity have been a major source of friction for most of America's national history.Levin may not be politically popular in some circles, but his book proves the old adage tht &quot;There is nothing as immovable nor as powerful as the truth.&quot; Even when the truth may be unpleasant.While much of this book is taken up with statistical tables and analysis therof, it illustrates the painstaking care that Levin has gone to in an effort to establish his major thesis.In a nutshell (to borrow a cliche), Levin's thesis is that America is not a land of racists and white supremacists who have colluded to suppress other groups or deny them equal opportunity. Rather, Americans have not faced up to the fact that in a nation and era when one's ability to prosper is increasingly tied to intelligence and mental abilities, the mental differnces between racial groups are major determinants of well being (to no less an extent than physical abilities are in atheletics).Levin concludes, with a huge amount of scientific data to back hjim up, that black failure is almost entirely due to genetic factors tht cause blacks to be less intelligent than whites. Moreover, he notes that whites are in danger of being displaced by Chinese and other Asians if they persist in dysgenic breeding (where the most educated and inelligent whites have children at below reproduction rates, while the breeding of less intelligent ones is heavily subsidized by government programs).Levin makes a very forceful case against affirmative action and other racial preference programs, noting that they are immoral (they give some people benefits which others must earn), and they distort society economically, and in other ways as well. He further notes that those most hurt are blacks who come to believe that they are all victims of a huge whiche racial conspiracy, and therefore have false hopes rased by politicians who promise to advance them by creating special preference programs. Levin shows that blacks fail in America because of their genetics, not white attitudes.WHile this book is politically incorrect, the facts make it essential reading, and show why three decades of black preference programs have done nothing to elevate black people.
104/114
5.0
970704000
B00005089J
This series has been getting better ever since I 'turned on' to it at CP2. Thie CD may signal a departure from &quot;flamer&quot; music to a more adventurous, harder edge sound that's more contemporary, and more likely to catch the ears of &quot;Curcuit Boys&quot;.The first song, CELEDA's &quot;The Underground&quot; is an unfortunate choice, since it's the only &quot;low point&quot; on the entire 2 CD package, and it is also the first track. So, just skip it, and go to # 2.This CD is more &quot;West Hollywood&quot; than Manhattan, but the club dancers are cuter (my opinion) in LA, and probably always will be. New York is just too much &quot;big business&quot; to be a mecca for 18-21 year olds these days.While this is not &quot;cutting edge&quot; material, it's several cuts above most other CD dance music, and club DJ sets.Best tracks:SoulShaka (Club 69)JAN DRIVER,Give Me Tonight SHANNON,Void (I Need you) CATAPILA,Runnin BASS TOY,Show Me ANGEL CIVILLES,Stand Up (Club 69) MAGIC CUCUMBERS,Vibe (The Underground) DJ EDDIE-X.
8/11
5.0
979084800
B00004YR2O
Sorry to dump on an Austin DJ, but this &quot;mix&quot; doesn't work. The songs start out OK, with great dance beats, but then the vocals cut in and every song becomes an ulistenable, undancable set of overdone high pitched vocal tracks and the &quot;groove&quot; is lost.While there is nothing wrong with vocal trax, a DJ putting out a CD needs to find collections of songs that have vocals for the 21st century, not rehashes of old disco ideas by wanna-be dance club divas. Maybe some old dance club burnouts will like this stuyff, since it reminds them of the mid--late 1970's, but for the hip and trendy in the dance club set, this is a collection of &quot;square noises&quot;.
0/1
2.0
973900800
B00004SWJD
Oh, please, this stuff is as cutting edge as early digital music.OK, it is good, but its' &quot;behind the times&quot;, and frankly way too conservative to stand out from so many other CD's. Digital trance, techno, and breakbeat have gone way beyond what this CD offers. Not that all the really cutting edge stuff is good, and this CD fortunately avoids the near-psychotic wierdness that characterizes some of the really experimental techno/trance CD's.But check out DJ Icey's Essential Mix, the TRACEPORT CD's by Paul Oakenfold &amp; Dave Ralphs, or some of the Global Underground if you want to hear the best Cutting Edge stuff.No for cover art... well THAT is On the Edge, like all of the Global Groove CD's. One day, I hope Global Groove can put mixes out that are as irresistable as the covers of their CD's.
1/2
4.0
969235200
B000EMGAOY
'STADIUM ARCADIUM' is confirmation that the RHCP are too old to rock and roll, but too young to die. So, like The Who and The Rolling Stones, they seem intent on becoming an embarrassingly bad shell of their former selves, and obsessive about documenting their decline into irrelevancy.On CALIFORNICATION, their last great effort, the downbeat tempos, and retreat from in-your-face slam-music was innovative and it worked. But after BY THE WAY (which featured a few nice radio sing-along songs, but was dull overall), this CD just plain drags.If the best cuts were parsed out, there is enough good material here to yield a single disc that would be a slight improvement over BY THE WAY. "Dani California", "Charlie", "So Much I", "Tell Me Baby", and a few other songs deliver with the spunky funk on which the RHCP built their reputation. For fand of CALIFORNICATION, the CD has "Hey" (jazz), "Under The Bridge" (pop) and "Storm In A Teacup" (almost hip-hop).STADIUM ARCADIUM is the RHCP's "TUSK" (a musically obese album that crashed Fleetwood Mac after they were on a big roll). With the high price tag, I expect this CD will fade faster and sooner than BY THE WAY.
6/11
3.0
1147737600
B000CDG6RG
The Strokes (and this album) highlight what is wrong with the music business, and why it is in steady decline.1. So called 'artists' with no ideas, minimal talent, and nothing to say (musically or lyrically) are being signed and backed with big money marketing campaigns. Result: recordings that barely sell, and recordings that still lose money even if they sell a million copies (something that The Strokes have never --and probably never will-- come close to doing).2. Bland throw away songs that have no listeneer appeal, and don't even make for decent filler music on radio.3. Bands who think acting like arrogant jerks is a good way to divert attention from their lack of quality product.4. Really Moronic album titles. 'First Impressions of Earth' doesn't sound "deep" or "interesting": it sounds like those dimwitted platitudes from re-runs of the 'Kung Fu' TV series: really stupid. Then again, if tThe Strokes are not from Earth, I say send 'em back to wherever they came from.After their prior album, 'Room On Fire', bombed (critically panned, no hits, nothing worth listening to on that one either), The Strokes supposedly went for a "new sound". What they needed was a good song.A few songs her estart out with promsing guitar riffs ["Heart in a cage", "Killing lies", and "Red light"], but they fall apart as soon as the vocals kick in: mumbling, no energy, off key, off beat, with no tuneful quality. Even the intially-good riffs degenerate into bland repetition, making 3 -4 minute songs seem much longer (way too long, in fact).I don't know ow much money Capitol Records plans to burn up on these guys, but common sense says it's time to fire the dopes who signed them (and who wasted so much of other people's money on The Strokes projects) and then look to sign bands/artists with actual audience appeal, and songwriting talent.
4/25
1.0
1136505600
B0000087M4
Miles Davis was a very serious musician: someone for whom the creation of music was all that really mattered. When he played live, it was an experience the audience never forgot. While I was never fortunate enough to see Miles Davis live, friends of mine who did still talk about the concerts--and these shows took place over 25 years ago (these people are not kids)!What a testament to the power of someone's music, that people still speak in terms of awe and reverence a quarter century later.DARK MAGUS is well named. Davis sounds like he's doing voodoo here; trumpeting magical incantations that will take you to other worlds. While Davis' own life was falling apart (he had a very bad drug habit, no steady lover, and was bitter that his record company was full of people who seemed not to care about his music), his playing was never better.This is not music for the &quot;Kenny G&quot; crowd: that's &quot;jazz for tourists&quot;: this is the real thing--jazz for the people who KNOW what REAL JAZZ is all about. Like the paintings of abstract and expressionist artists, the real 'art' is in the creation of the music. Unlike a painting, where all we can see is the results, this CD documents the creation of the art of the master. And it is just spellbinding--all of it. When the music ends, the only thing you want is MORE; it's addictive and seductive--like the products and works of any good Witch Doctor.Buy it, but be forewarned. You will want much more of Miles Davis after listening.
5/6
5.0
971913600
B00004WGVW
WHile there is some temptation to praise this as an effort to expand the directions and content of 'trance' or 'techno' music, paul Oakenfeld has cultivated a reputation as a master mixer, and therfore set high expectations for his work. As such, it is appropriate for fans to expect something approaching great art from an Oakenfold release.This is not an artful blending of diverse musical ideas which yields a Whole greater than or even equal to the sum of its parts: this is a hodgepodge of unrelaed songs, thown together, and the result is a cluttered mess.Many songs that stand on their own in non-dance contexts, simply don't work here (Blade Runner exceprts, and an early Led Zeppelin tune seem especially out of place). But even worse than the bad segues and ill-conceived aural blending is the voice over stuff: it's completely unnecessary and only serves to highlight how uninspired and aimless the music is.While Oakenfold (or any other DJ) can get away with messy sets and failed experiments, it is probaly not a good idea to make them into general releases if you want to preserve or enhance a reputation. Lou Reed found that out with his release of Metal machine Music. My guess is that Oakenfold's next release will not be eagerly anticipated. Oakenfold's reputation takes a beating here (particularly for fans who paid for this CD).Pass on this and get the good stuff.
11/19
2.0
971654400
B0007WF1VO
Love in a Trashcan? Yeah right -- that's a date you're sure to remember (but for all the wrong reasons). The song and title also set the tone for what's wrong with this album: it's cute, but stupid. The vocals and instrumentation are done extremely well, and overall the production is well crafted. But the material is trite and silly -- almost to the point of being moronic.Biker chicks and hard rockers look OK in black, but pop-music makers all look silly or awkward. Goth-kids, homosexuals, and stoners all look like losers when they try to "look prety in black." The Raveonettes can "rock", but they seem to be aiming at some kind of "under-achiever of the year" award here. Sadly, this album is a flop.The music here is just too "top 40/pop" for my tastes: sort of like those 1980's bands, with their over-produced MTV-hits. Nice at first, but like any steady diet of junk food, it just makes you fat and stupid in the long run. The Raveonettes have probably figured that the United States, where heavy metal, hardcore rap dominate CD sales, and where country & western is still the mainstay for radio, is not a likely market. So they are aiming at the rest of the world with 'Pretty In Black.'The retro pop theme does not work as well for THE RAVEONETTS, as the ''VELVET UNDERGROUND meets THE RAMONES'' themes did on their prior releases. The cover of "My Boyfriend's Back" highlights just how bad the retro-concept is here.But, based on the response to their current tour, THE RAVEONETTES may have have a future. The live preformances of this (and earlier) material are definitely a 'good show' -- worth the effort, even if you don't like their CD's.With 'Pretty In Black' and their earlier CD's, THE RAVEONETTES have caught the attentions of Punk & Glam fans, and now have themselves a steady fan base. The Glam/punk crowd is cultish and clannish, which ensures no mainstream attention or impact in the United States. But they will probably be "really big stuff" in the U.K. and most of the European Union. The only big question is Japan (the world's #2 market). If they catch on in Japan, then THE RAVEONETTES will remain on the industry's "in crowd" lists, and they can continue to receive major label support despite having no real presence on American radio, and negligible U.S. product sales.American Rock-Music fans will probably feel like they were ripped off if they buy this CD, so they are well-advised to pass on it. But power-pop, and glam/punk fans will love it.
2/9
3.0
1116547200
B0028OA3EO
"It's better to burn out,'cause rust never sleeps."- Neil YoungHere's one case where too much rust makes me hopeful that something can finally be put to sleep. It's time to euthanize Superman and spare the audiences all the misery.The special effects and technical aspects of this movie are excellent. But over-reliance on computer generated imagery makes the movie as flat and lifeless as a video game or a soap advertisement. Movies are about stories, action, characters, conflict and resolution. Those elements are all missing on-screen.Among the cast of characters, this movie's focus is not on 'Superman', it's on 'Lois Lane' (Kate Bosworth).The dialogue between the characters is completely moronic -- most comic books and 'graphic novels' contain better stuff. The ONLY good line of dialogue in the entire 154 minutes is Lois Lane's double entendre "... I've done Superman ...". Unfortunately, even that line is wasted and all potential for sparks of life on screen are completely dissipated. The rest of the dialogue is totally forgettable tripe.To succeed, a super-hero movie needs a super-villain. As 'Lex Luthor', Kevin Spacey is laughably bad. He's not villainous at all; 'Lex Luthor' here is just a disturbed con artist who can't even figure out how to enjoy a swindled fortune. Mike Meyers was a more convincing villain as "Dr. Evil" in the Austin Powers movies -- and those were intentional farces.The most revealing scene in the movie comes toward the end, when Lois Lane sits down to write "Why The World Still Needs Superman", and can't think of anything to type. It definitely sums up this film's central problem.The Superman actor's performance in this film is a complete failure. He's no 'All American' super-hero' just a West Hollywood or Greenwich Village hero, at best. Forget 'truth, justice & The American Way' here; Brandon Routh's portrayal of Superman is the kind that draws comments like "... by the way, he's never had a real girlfriend ...".If there is a sequel, the producers need to get a real director, find some convincing actors, and hire a screenplay writer whose literary breadth & depth doesn't require Computer-Generated-Imagery to distract everyone's attentions from the lack of content elsewhere.
1/4
2.0
1151884800
B000007OJ8
This is the one to get. Jimi Hendrix: live and at the peak of his talent (before drugs took their toll).These recordings have been bootlegged for years, but on this CD, played on a good sound system, the band sounds like it's playing live right in front of you.Excellent rmusic, masterful audio engineering, and a very clean production job. This may be The Definitive Jimi Hendrix package.While this may be &quot;The CD&quot; to buy if you only want one Hendrix release, I can't imagine anyone listening to this and deciding that they didn't want to check out any more of Jimi Hendrix musical output.
4/6
5.0
968198400
0895260476
No wonder 'news-media' credibility these days is zero and sinking. Nearly everyone in media today is a graduate of the kinds of courses, taught by the kinds of professors, skewered to ribbons in this book.The professors at most American colleges and universities don't know anything at all it seems. Their view of culture and history is so warped that they literally worship people like Noam Chomsky, Howard Zinn, and others who make their living by telling gullible crowds that The United States of America, and that has made the USA a success, is to blame for everything that is wrong with the world.Well, no one ever claimed that the USA is perfect, and yes there have been problems. But they have been resolved without destroying the country.The criticisms of academia here are done with fineesse; Thomas Woods reveals the idiocy of intellectualoids by quoting them, and then citing (with numerous references) the facts. Facts, notes Thomas Woods, are not important in most so-called higher education today. What matters in what is called higher ed, is that the facts are arranged to mold the thinking of students, and to promote a narrow set of ideological perspectives."McCarthyism", the great epithet howled by liberals every time someone challenges their entitlement to anything, is practiced with vigor in most American colleges and universities today, Woods reveals. Conservatives are routinely denied tenure, and ostracized from most social activities on campuses. The work of eonservative students is almost routinely deprecated for violating unwritten coded of political correctness -- to the point where ther are almost no conservatives enrolled in liberal arts or humanities programs today. Intellectually, the liberal arts, history, and humanities departments have become incestuous, monolithic, intolerant of diversity in thought or writing, and they are flat out wrong about most things. The questions raised about what is being taught in liberal arts and humaniites courses reveals why most graduates from such programs have a hard time finding good jobs (short answer: employers are not looking for skills like 'revealing that America's founders were evil slaveholding slumlords', or 'capitalism is evil because if focuses on profits', etc...)Oh, just for the record, (and for those who have not read any of Ann Coulter's books) Thomas Woods examined the facts and concluded that Joseph McCarthy was essentially correct in his claims and assertions concerning the State Department (it was full of communists), and the Democratic Party (20 years of treason) when he was a Senator.Through the examples in "The Guide", Mr. Woods also reveals that the far left has been very strategic in their use of academia. One of the strengths of America (which drove its rapid growth) was the decentralized political structure, where a central government had limited and enumerated powers, and the several states were largely sovereign. Woods shows how deliberate falsiying of history in particular has resulted in a concentration and centralizing of power in the federal government -- particularly the judiciary and other non-elective components.Whis it is not within the scope of the text, the 2004 elections were a powerful cultural rejection of the liberal agenda. Using imperious unelected federal agencies or courts to erect a supreme dictatorship that effectively abolishes the concept of a republic was forcefully rejected by the people. The election resuilts severely undermine a central claim of liberal academics (noted by Woods) that their aims and purposes are altruistic and selfless. The public sees that the growth of centralized authoritarianism is not in their interests. But it is in the direct interests of academics who rely upon federal grants and other largesse received from the federal treasury.The biggest problem with this book is that in only 250-pages, it is not nearly long enough to refute all of the lies of academia. Maybe that is why his focus is on history.Certainly, this book is an eye opener. It is also a relatively 'easy read'; it is not preachy or didactic, and it uses a relatively conversational style of prose to communicate concepts and facts.At the very least, it should cause those who believe that government programs create jobs, while businesses destroy them; or that taxing the rich is the only fair way to enrich the poor (and other liberal nonsense) to wonder why America succeeded, while so many others failed. Like the leaders of the French Revolution who intended to do for France what America's founders did, the academic left has so misread the facts, and has such strong idiological biases, that they can not really ever hope to succeed with anything but mass destruction. academic historians begin with a set of false premises, and then proceed to make arguments based on their initial [wrong] axioms. French Revolutionaries dethroned a king and ended up with a dictatorship.
62/97
5.0
1102032000
B00004RIWF
Without John Foxx, Ultravox had no real focus. This CD was the last one they released before they totally fell on their collective faces.It features some of the listless synthesizer mush that sank their later CD's, but fortunately still contains a few good progressive songs.Best cut is &quot;Mr.X&quot;, a haunting, dark danceable number. Next best is SleepWalk, a high energy upbeat song that precedes &quot;Mr.X&quot; in this mix.Songs like &quot;New Europeans&quot; and &quot;All Stood Still&quot; were good ideas, but they suffer from a flat, dull mix. On other peices, like &quot;Astradyne&quot; it seems that Ultravox is imitating the worst of The Cars (from the time of their &quot;Panorama&quot; CD).While Ultravox fans [like me] will not dislike anything here, and fans of Gary Numan &amp; other cutting edge 1980's bands might like some songs here, this is a real retreat from the progressive/art rock of ULTRAVIOX! and SYSTEMS OF ROMANCE.
0/7
3.0
968371200
B00004RIWF
VIENNA was Ultravox's most anticipated, if not their most ambitious album. Orignal lead singer John Foxx had left ('artistic differences', amid rampant rumors of some gay spat between Foxx and other band members), to be replaced by Midge Ure. Stylistically and conceptually, it is a retreat from the art-rock and early techno work done with John Foxx &amp; Brian Eno. Musically, it sounds more like The Cars 'Panorama' CD, and features some of the over-lush synthesizer mush that sank most of their subsequent output.If someone would remix the songs here, there's lots of untapped potential.It appears that Ultravox was trying to determine which direction to go after john Foxx, and without Brian Eno, so the results here somewhat muddled and incoherent; there seem to be two different musical themes that keep clashing. Ultimately, the less interesting one seems to have taken over the band's direction ... quickly consigning them to obscurity and near-oblivion.VIENNA begins with 'Astradyne' an instrumental piece that sounds more like filler; not a strong opener. Second song, &quot;New Europeans&quot; has all the makings of a hit (a strong beat, good hooks, and good lyrics), but falls flat due to a lame mix and listless production. The same for 'Private Lives' and 'Passing Strangers'.Things begin to pick up with 'SleepWalk', but even here, one gets the sense that production was rushed, and a potentially great song was turned into one that's just pretty good. &quot;Mr X&quot; follows, and it's arguably one of Ultravox' best songs (up with 'Slow Motion', and 'Quiet Men'). It's unquestionably the best song on this CD. Unfotunately, the next (title) cut, &quot;Vienna&quot; comes off as just another ensemble piece; flat and uninspired, with botched production (perfectly in keeping with so much of this CD). The last song from the original CD, &quot;All Stood Still&quot;, sounded great in concert with it's driving rhythms, but comes off as just plain silly here--the vocals are so far out in front and the polyrhythms are so buried that it simply doesn't work on CD (REMIX needed!).Of the new songs, it's only the German version of Mr. X (&quot;Herr X&quot;) that really works [it appears that great songs translate well across languages]. The video version of 'Vienna' only serves to higlight the lack of imagination and vision that characterized Ultravox' disintegration from a top art-rock contender (along with Roxy Music or Genesis) to a forgettable synthesizer act ... but without the cute boys needed to hold the interest of fans.On reflection, VIENNA, the CD that appeared to promise a new direction for a talented band, instead only documents the abrupt end to the creativity and vision that characterized the initial Ultravox CD's. Check out ULTRAVOX! or SYSTEMS OF ROMANCE (if you can locate them), but leave this one for the fans only.
2/13
3.0
968112000
B00004W5LU
RUSH HOUR conjures up images of being stuck in traffic: wrong! This CD is like speeding; this CD strts out at a high energy level, and then goes into overdrive for most of its length. This is &quot;peak hour&quot; material; the stuff to play when the danced floor is packed and everyone's &quot;into the groove&quot;. Fast, upbeat, great rhythms and breaks.Dave Aude has been experimenting with pounding bass &amp; rhythm tracks on his earlier dance mixes, but this time he puts it all together with trance and vocals into a killer set.A great dance mix--makes you want to dance: I don't think you can listen to this without dancing.
2/3
5.0
969580800
B00005AVPG
I just received the news that John Lee Hooker died yesterday.While there are a lot of musicians who are called &quot;true artists&quot; and &quot;original&quot;, Hooker was it, and anyone who is or was &quot;someone&quot; in the music business knew it. If imitation is the sincrest form of flattery, then John Lee Hooker was one of the most flattered musical forces of the 20th Century.Blues and boogie was his stock and trade. Eric Clapton, Keith Richards, Bruce Spreingsteen, THe Edge (U2), the list is endless... they all paid their respects to Mr. Hooker.Hooker's best work is here, remastered. I've always had mixed feelings about remastering old blues music; it does preserve the clarity of the original (assuming that the CD is made from original master tapes) but at the same time, it never has the warmth of an old vinyl LP, where the bass fed back through the stylus of the records, making the bass BOMM BOOM BOOM.However, just for the record, this CD sounds about as good as any you're likely to hear featuring John Lee Hooker.Killer tracks and then some: a solid sender who's passing is mourned by blues and rock fans everywhere, and a great creative force who will surely be missed. But don't be sad as you mourn his passing, do as The Man says, and have one bourbon, one scotch, one beer...The world's coolest musician may be gone, but his totally cool music is not.
7/10
5.0
993168000
0812973046
A few of the pictures here are very good, but for the most part, this presents Pop Music in the same manner that "Sunset Boulevard" portrayed the movie business. Most of the photos are dull (scores to choose from), moronic (The White Stripes, Eartha Kitt), or just plain ugly (Iggy Pop, Joni Mitchell, Johnny Cash, at least another dozen others).While some peeople argue that poor aesthetic quality is an essential attribute of "art", there is no excuse for the lack of technical competency shown here. Most of the photos here look like the work of a person who has no camera skills. If the bad aesthetics are deliberate, then it seems clear that the photographer regards musicians with great contempt, judging by how she portrays them here.Pass on this, and just get copies of your favorite rock music magazines if you want a collection of good pictures.Addendum: based on the feedback here, it seems that more people have read (and reacted to) my REVIEW than have bought the actual book!
3/54
1.0
1071619200
B00004SYT3
While not exactly on the &quot;cutting Edge&quot;, this CD is about as good as a &quot;dance hits&quot; compilation gets. There are several old club favorites from YAZ (Situation 99), and Vicki Sue Robinson (Move On). But it's the hot 'Thunderpuss' remix of PET SHOP BOYS' (New york City Boy), FRIBURN &amp; URIK (Take Me, Love Me), and other newer songs that make this 2 CD package worthwhile.The only area where this CD needs improvement is conceptual: it seems to be aimed more at the general audience for dance music than Circuit Party boys. The producers play it too safe, and this CD ends up sounding like too many other collections of great dance songs. A wilder, more adventurous set of breakbeats, loops, trance sounds, etc. would have been a big risk (and with music being downloaded off the 'net instead of bought, minimizing risks is a major consideration for artists &amp; producers), but it would have made for a more distinctive CD -- one more characteristic of the best Circuit Parties.Overall, though, it's an excellent effort. Recommended.
2/3
4.0
966816000
B00005N53A
Gary Numan ("Replicas" CD, "Cars" single, etc.) publicly cited John Foxx as a major influence. Privately, so did dozens of other 1980's techno, synth-pop, and art-rock acts."Metamatic" was the CD (actually, an LP back in 1980) that John Foxx HAD to release. Ultravox seemed to be on the verge of "making it" as a progressive art rock act, but opted to become a completely disposable pop act, with a new vocalist fronting them. So, John Foxx who (along with Brian Eno) developed the Ultravox sound and image, was on his own.Foxx had wanted to create a 'truly European' and 'very British' form of new wave music, not do pop for the U.S. market. That's an odd admission, since Ultravox sold more recordings in cities like Boston, MA and New York than they did in any European or U.K. location. One suspects that Mr. Foxx was simply saying that he was not interested in becoming a "pop star", but rather in creating innovative music.Take a look at the cover of the first Ultravox album, and it's clear that John Foxx probably had the looks to make it as a pop star .Well, anyhow, fans of Ultravox (particularly the "Systems of Romance" and "Ultravox!" CD fans) will probably be the biggest fand of "Metamatic".The CD was criticized for sounding flat and mechanical at the time of its release, and it has a robotic, cyborgic quality to it. But like "Replicas", by Gary Numan & Tubeway Army, "Metamatic" was a CD that was way ahead of its time.Released in early 1980, about a year after Numan released "Replicas", "Metamatic" reached number 18 in the UK albums charts & was preceded by the hit single 'Underpass', included on the album. Also featured is the follow-up hit 'No-One Driving'. The best cut, "Metal Beat" sounds like it needs an extended track treatmetn--streched to 7 or more minuets, from teh 3 minutes it gets here.This edition of "Metamatic" is remastered by Foxx himself, with expanded artwork & sleevenotes by Record Collector's Daryl Easlea. The seven bonus tracks include two further hit singles "Burning Car" & "Miles Away", & five non-LP b-sides. So, it's not just the avant garde or techno music fans that will find this interesting listineing: archivists and collectors can finally get rare tracks in one package.Now, if anyone wants to re-master and release the first 3 Ultravox CD's ... the sooner, the better.
8/8
5.0
1003363200
B00005N53A
You can always tell which CD's are the truly great ones: they are the ones that seem to get stolen when you aren't paying attention. This is one of them. Regrettably, it's out of print, so it can not be easily replaced.At any rate, the few people who have copies own one of the great works analog-synthesizer music. Right up with Bill Nelson's &quot;Sound On Sound&quot;, Tangerine Dream's &quot;Stratosfear&quot;, and of course, John Foxx's own work with Ultravox.A bit too cerebral for most of today's teen ravers, dumbed down by &quot;airhead talent&quot; like N'SYNC, Backstreet Boys, and Britney Spears. But a great find for the serious music lover, and the conoisseur.
5/5
5.0
968716800
