Blahblahblah
B00367TT1A
This movie is nicely filmed and acted. Other than that, the only thing that distinguishes it from a terrible B-movie is the wonderful dialogue of the main male devil-whorshipper in which he sets out to offend the Catholic church. Other than that, there was absolutely nothing new or daring about this movie (even then, the filmakers could hide behind the fact that the offensive character WAS supposed to be evil). Most of the suspense in the movie depends on the lead character, Rosemary, acting like she doesn't have a single brain cell to her name, and so the whole plot winds up being completely contrived, not unlike teen slasher films that depend upon the audience believing that the victims will stay in the house after discovering their friends murdered and actually take time out for sex or a shower. Without Rosemary's utter stupidity, the whole movie would fall apart. However, unlike a teenage slasher films where this sort of thing can be expected and laughed at, this film takes itself a bit too seriously for such stupidity to be humourous (although the film does sometimes get deliberately tounge-in-cheek). As a result, Rosemary's actions are more irritating than humourous, for example when she believes the Satanist doctor's assurances that it is normal for a woman to lose weight and become increasingly skeletal during a pregnancy. There are far better Polanski movies, far better horror movies (serious and humourous), and far better artsy movies than this. It does not deserve its status as a classic although it is not a bad time-waster.
2/7
3.0
988156800
B00005N5RQ
William Castle was a master showman. For a while, every movie he released had its own gimmick. For example, with the movie The Tingler, several seats in theatres where it was shown would be rigged with mild electric shocks which would be set off during key scenes. For 13 Ghosts, the gimmick was that scenes with ghosts were filmed with the background tinted blue and the ghosts tinted red (and difficult to see). People in the audience were given a ghost viewer/remover. If you looked through the red lense, the ghosts are enhanced and become more visible. Look through the blue lense and the ghosts become completely invisible.William Castle's films, especially 13 Ghosts, are for the most part highly enjoyable and entertaining even without the gimmicks, but now at last those of us who were unable to watch the original theatrical productions can at least experience the wonders of Illusion-O thanks to this DVD, which comes with one free ghost viewer/remover. And the effect works amazingly well! You have the option to watch the film in normal black and white (like in TV broadcasts), but the ghosts look more blobby and contrived. Watching it in Illusion-O makes a huge difference! The ghosts look more detailed yet more ethereal, like actual ghosts, and the red tinting makes it all the more spooky. It's also fun switching the viewer back and forth to watch the ghosts appear and disappear.The film itself is fun for the whole family, filled with humour and suspense and great characters, and is a far more effective horror film than the remake. I haven't had so much fun watching a competently made film in a long time! And there is a great in-joke with the boy suspecting the housekeeper of being a witch (she is played by the same actress who was the Wicked Witch of the West in the Wizard of Oz). Also included is a great documentary giving the background of the film. This DVD is highly recommended!
2/4
5.0
1027382400
B000085RM7
I plan on never watching this film again. So why did I give it 5 stars? Well, art can perform more than one function. It can be used to entertain, but that isn't its only purpose. Art can also be used to get across a message or hold a mirror up to society. Unfortunately, while serious books and art can treat horrible subjects with great frankness and without entertaining and still receive great praise, movies are stereotypically seen as more of an entertainment medium, so when a movie comes along that doesn't even try to be entertaining, people don't know how to react.This movie is not in the least bit entertaining. In fact, watching it is a rather horrible experience, but it should be. Any movie that pretends to treat the subject of rape seriously should be discomforting. This movie has one of the most powerful depictions of rape I have ever seen. Other major hollywood films that have tackled the subject of rape, like the one starring Jodie Foster (I forget its name), are lauded for their powerful depictions of rape, but when a more effective, low-budget depiction like this one comes along, one that gets across the horror of the act far more powerfully, it gets dismissed as exploitation.Sure, the cover art is rather exploitative and seems to be geared towards attracting viewers looking for sexual thrills, and the same goes for the trailer, but the film itself is not one bit as exploitative as, say, the Deliverance. It is an excellent depiction of the brutality of rape, the sexual immaturity of rapists, the cowardly nature of the act, and the fact that it is an act committed by those who usually feel powerless in everyday life. The lead female, while staying at a remote cottage in order to write a novel, is gang raped and left for dead. She starts trying to rebuild her life (her taping together of her torn up manuscript is an excellent symbolism for this), but is then discovered to still be alive by her rapists. She then kills off the rapists one by one. Perhaps not the most admirable of choices (although they did try to murder her), but the manner in which she kills each of them, playing off of their psychological weaknesses, brilliantly makes a point about the pathetic nature of rapists.All praise aside, it IS a disturbing movie to watch and one I hope nobody will find entertaining, and as a result I don't plan on watching it again. Once is enough. But that makes this great art.
39/45
5.0
1003795200
B000085RPG
One day I was watching a retrospective on horror movies and one of the films discussed was the Texas Chainsaw Massacre. One of the people interviewed for this segment (it may have been Tobe Hooper) noted that the film has the reputation of being one of the goriest ever made, but other than a couple of short scenes, there actually isn't much gore. I was shocked. I had watched it several years before and recalled being completely grossed out by its graphic scenes. But when I went to rewatch it, it turned out he was correct! This wasn't the effect of the climate in which the film was released (I had already seen movies that were far more gory in actuality before I saw it for the first time). The movie was so effective and I got so caught up in it that I had actually remembered seeing graphic details that did not actually exist! This is one of the highest compliments that can be paid to the director (who went on to such films as Poltergiest).Some movie-goers who are short on imagination and rely on having everything stuck right in front of their faces might consider the movie's relative lack of gore a deficit, but I consider the effect the movie has despite this one of its greatest strengths. The movie itself (like Hitchcock/Bloch's Psycho and the Buffalo Bill character in Silence of the Lambs) is inspired by the true story of Ed Gein who would dress in the skins of his female victims in an attempt to become his mother, and use the rest of each body for food, bowls, musical intruments, etc. This film is an attempt by its creators to exorcise themselves of their feelings after hearing the true accounts of Gein's acts. However, like all such movies, this one strays from the true story, reducing the main character (Leatherface's) use of skin to a mask and adding a whole family of cannibals.Filled with exceptionally moody photography and excellent sets, this film is at turns disturbing and entertaining as towards the end when the family is used to great, dark comedic effect. Highly recommended.
1/2
5.0
991180800
B001SSNIKC
If I were still an adolescent, I'm sure I would absolutely love this movie. It is filled with loads of silly, gross-out humour, swearing, and lots of sexy women gyrating in skimpy outfits. Sure, I do still get guilty pleasure out of such things but, alas, I am no longer so easily amused. On occassion I did find the humour in this movie as laugh out loud funny as anything in &quot;Airplane!&quot;, such as Ernest Borgnine's performance of &quot;I'm Too Sexy&quot;, but such scenes are too few and far between. This is disappointing because I am a fan of the creators' work on South Park, but with the exception of the brilliant opening lamenting the current sorry state of professional sports, this movie lacks their usually strong satire, making it little more than a pale imitation of Zucker/Abrams/Zucker movies.The plot consists of Stone and Parker, unsatisfied with the commercialization of sports, creating a new game which in reality would be absolutely boring to watch except for the fact that players can do almost anything during the game to distract their opponents from sinking shots (this is where most of the gross-out humour comes in, which takes up about a third of the film). Of course an evil businessman wants to commercialize Baseketball and to do so has to turn Stone and Parker against each other. Meanwhile the two are also competing over a busty volunteer worker from a Make-a-Wish Foundation style charity. Predictably, they wind up having to bury the hatchet and win the championship in order to preserve the &quot;integrity&quot; of their game. Most of the ensuing humour is along the lines of Stone and Parker taking one of the dying kids out to a bar to get drunk. Not a bad time waster, but not really worth collecting.
0/2
3.0
1002758400
B000021Y3I
The above title is not a humourous reference to all the sex, violence, genocide, etc. contained in the Bible (although it could be), but to the fact that some of the commentary in one of the two cds (the Complete Multimedia Bible) is extremely unscholarly and manages to preach some of the intolerance found in more conservative churches. In contrast, the Compton's Bible cd goes for a more positive, inspirational angle. The Compton's is superior in numerous other facets. It has better design, better art/music/etc, a better translation (sure, the King James version is nice and flowery but that gets in the way of reading and understanding it), and contains all the good multimedia of the other cd, pretty much rendering the other cd redundant and useless, and I believe it can be bought on its own. Therefore, imagine you are just buying one Bible cd when you try to decide if the price is worthwhile or look for the Compton's on its own.The Compton's cd does have some interesting historical insight, but it is also designed with Christians in mind, so it doesn't go into controversial history. If you really want to study the Bible (as it now exists--it does not contain any of the deletions that resulted from the Council of Nicea), you should therefore also still try to obtain a more unbiased book from someone not just trying to support or debunk the book (Asimov's guide is a good choice), but even if the Compton's isn't the best at outlining the Bible's history, you still need a copy of the actual text, and this cd with its search engines, pleasant music (classical/middle eastern), beautiful artwork, timelines, maps, etc., make this a nice form in which to own a Bible.
19/30
4.0
992476800
B00004CMNG
Directed by Peter Jackson who has newfound fame thanks to his work on the Lord of the Rings trilogy, this movie (his second, after Bad Taste) has to be seen to be believed.Jackson takes the basic concept of the Muppet show (combining puppets and humans in animal costumes to tell the story about the action backstage at a popular variety show) but carries the concept to a sick extreme, creating a hybrid offspring of the Muppets and such schlock entertainment-industry classics as The Valley of the Dolls. For example, look at the absurdity of the relationship between Miss Piggy and Kermit the Frog. In the Feebles, animal characters eat other animal characters or have hybrid offspring. Characters have drug addictions, extramarital affairs, degenerative diseases, star in S&amp;M porn movies on the side, etc. There is an amazing Deer Hunter inspired Nam flashback, a hillarious war between drug dealers and some entertainment bigwigs on a pier (which includes a whale, giant crabs and a giant spider), bodily fluids fly all over the place, a massacre ensues near the end, and it is all topped of by a &quot;where are they now&quot; type of ending as in Animal House or American Graffitti. Oh, yes, there are also musical numbers (I won't spoil the title of the best one).Not as gory as Jackson's Dead Alive, but MUCH sicker.
23/27
5.0
1008547200
B0038ZITIO
If you look beyond the great acting, the magnificent sets, the sweeping landscapes and breathtaking cinematography, "Gone With the Wind" is little more than a high budget soap opera. Much of the movie is taken up by the very silly and unmoving romance between Scarlett and Rhett, two shallow characters who obviously do not belong together, and the various tragedies which befall them after they enter into a sham of a marriage (although it is often difficult to feel much sympathy for a couple living in lavish mansions). The only thing which sets the film apart from the usual daily soap operas about self-desctructive rich people (besides its budget) is its backdrop of the Civil War. However, if you want to see a historical film which at least partially resembles reality, then do not watch "Gone With the Wind".The picture the movie draws of the pre-Civil War south is an overly romantic one of beauty and wealth and civility. Sure, a very small elite of rich landowners did live a lovely and leisurely life in the old south, much like the one portrayed in the opening of the movie, but this was done on the backs of slaves. However, this film makes the old south look like an unspoiled paradise in which nobody had to work. The only thing spoiling this film's picture of a perfect society is the spoiled-brat attitude of the egocentric Scarlett O'Hara, but she is clearly portrayed as an anomally as other characters try to put up with her antics.After the invaders from the north are shown to impose their way of life upon the south (seemingly by merely introducing industrialization, and the concept of work), Scarlett is faced with a total inability to adapt to the new society. However, with her frequent stirring speeches about never going hungry again (yeah, right, try actually living in poverty for a day or two) her inability to adapt is more a condemnation of the changes caused by the Civil War than an exploration of any weakness in Scarlett's character. Gone are the days of dances in large halls and picnics on vast tree-covered lawns (as the blacks toil under the baking sun in the far-off fields). Instead, we get scenes of poor rich people loading up buggies to move off of their plantations and into mansions inside of cities only blocks away from the (choke) working classes.In case the viewer doesn't quite get the picture of the "injustice" done to the south and thinks "what about the abolition of slavery?", every single black character in the movie is offensively portrayed as lazy, silly, and superstitious caricatures who are devoted to and love their white masters and are lost without them. The fact that "Gone With the Wind" hasn't faced as much widespread condemnation as "Birth of a Nation" with its pro-KKK scenes is rather surprising.The only reason I can figure out that such a worthless and offensive soap opera is still considered so great is that most critics are afraid to contradict decades of praise given to the movie at the risk of seeming to lack taste. I say stop being blinded by expectations or conformity and actually judge the film for what it is.
12/30
2.0
1024704000
B0001BKAIA
Both of the main features are weak and the 4 stars is solely due to the fascinating bonus shorts.Shell Shock has an interesting set up, but it just fizzles out. It held my attention, but at the end I was left feeling like I could have spent my time better. Overall, it was like a weak episode of Combat.Battle of Blood Island, on the other hand, was an utter chore to sit through. Early on in the film, all the Japanese troops commit suicide, so the two surviving US soldiers are left on the titular island alone to spend the whole film alternating between bickering with each other, then apologizing to each other for said bickering. There is no battle (just the aftermath). There is no blood. And it wasn't filmed on an island. It could just have easily been a terrible drama about a couple of guys stranded in a desert, or in a mountain after a plane crash, or (fill in with any scenario in which two people could be stranded in the middle of nowhere). Only recommended for those who feel the need to see a young Roger Corman say two or three lines in order to save money.The only real reason to get this DVD is for the amazing shorts. "Information Please" is a film produced by the US Air Force during WWII to teach soldiers about the methods Germans might use to trick prisoners into providing information. It is largely done through a film-within-a-film (a fake German film about how to conduct interrogations)."Our Job in Japan" is a jaw-dropping War Department film made just after Japan's WWII surrender in order to explain to soldiers, often by using stock footage taken completely out of context, why the US must continue to occupy Japan. The film is as outrageously racist as any film the Nazis made. For example, it tries to degrade the Japanese by explicitly arguing they are a bunch of irrational pagans, and goes out of its way to insult Shintoism. Also, the War Department argues that Japan has no culture (they don't say why, but I guess it's because the Japanese didn't eat hot dogs or play baseball.) One concession the War Department makes: the Japanese do have brains like other humans, and therefore could be taught by US occupiers how to use them (the US War Department's words, not mine). Overall, this documentary, like Mein Kampf, is a horrific artifact that is simultaneously historically and sociologically important (as a study of racism), although its contents have zero validity.And, lastly, in "We've Got Another Bond to Buy", a famous crooner/child-abuser tries to appeal to the patriot in all of us by arguing that there is profit to be made in them there War Bonds. You can sing along by following the bouncing ball.
6/7
4.0
1083888000
B00004CMYE
I am a big fan of the Buffy series and consider Joss Whedon to be one of the best writers of dialogue and teen characters ever. Unfortunately, this movie was made early in his career when his great potential was barely noticeable. All of the characters in this movie are one-dimensional charicatures, and none of them manage to develope in a realistic manner. Buffy herself is a snobby and shallow cheerleader without any hidden depth for much of the movie until she instantly transforms into a one-dimensional heroine who stops making fun of geeks after being saved by Luke Perry. Personally, I felt like I was watching a different character, not just a different actress. And Luke Perry starts out as a relatively disgusting geek only interested in grossing out girls and getting high until he is suddenly transformed into a one-dimensional dashing hero after his friend is turned into a vampire. Only Donald Sutherland's character is at all interesting thanks to his wonderful performance.The action is not very exciting. The vampires (especially Paul Ruebens, who in this case is more annoying than funny) tend to be silly and never seem like much of a threat. My overall impression is that the studio decided to come up with a cute, attention grabbing title first, then film a movie around it instead of taking a decent script, THEN giving it a title. The meeting must have been like this: &quot;She's both a cheerleader named Buffy and a vampire slayer -- isn't that a funny concept!!&quot; &quot;Yeah, and for a sequal, how about something like 'Reginald the Viking' or 'Satan the Pet Beautician'!&quot;This movie adds nothing to the Buffy mythos, and in fact degrades it. It is truly forgettable. Stick to the TV series.
5/9
2.0
1007078400
B00008T55Q
I am in complete and utter awe of this movie. I don't believe there is any other film in history that has matched Grease's ability to mess around with its audience's expectations and perceptions. So many people finish watching this film feeling like they have just gone through a very cheerful and life-affirming experience. But look at the film's actual plots!1. (The main storyline): Olivia Newton John learns that in order to become popular in highschool and win back the love of the man she had a summer fling with, she must make it obvious to the whole school that she is willing to put out. Until she does this, John Travolta risks being ostracized and ridiculed by his male friends for dating a woman for purely emotional reasons. Since Travolta is the one that she wants, O.N.J. decides she must cater to his needs and very publically presents herself in her new role as a leather-clad boytoy at a fair (I still can't decide if this storyline is more insulting to males or females); and2. (the main subplot) A girl who gets pregnant because she has unprotected sex in the back seat of a car with one of Travolta's friends (she apparently learned earlier than O.N.J. how to be popular) has to choose between dropping out of school and getting a job (by way of graduating beauty school) so she can take care of her baby, or, alternatively, have an abortion so she can return to highschool. Meanwhile, the boyfriend who dumped her after she got pregnant is one of guys accusing Travolta of a lapse in judgement for falling in love with O.N.J.Oh yeah. And there's a dance contest! (Perhaps if Scorcese had added a hand-jiving scene to "The Last Temptation of Christ" he could have avoided the whole controversy.)But because this extremely cynical story is set to catchy bubble-gum music and is filled with colourful images of a 1950s America that has never existed anywhere outside of theme diners of the 1980s, almost everyone misses the point! As a result, this film is widely loved, even by people who would ordinarily refuse to consider going to a depressing, sexist or "morally questionable" movie. Which all goes to prove that in order to have a hit movie, sometimes all that is necessary is an easily forgettable plot wrapped up in distracting spectacle!However, as cynical and unrealistic as Grease may be, it is a fun exploitation film. But it only gets 3 stars because there are many juvenile delinquency films which were actually made in the 1950s that are far superior. Sure, they're not much more realistic, but they're entertaining, not because of their insincerity, but because they try so hard to be sincere.
4/17
3.0
1034467200
B00004TBUF
I think one of the biggest reasons this film is so criticized is because of its budget. If this were a low-budget film, it would have been hailed by B-movie fans as a new schlock classic, but it is tough to watch this film without noticing its large budget and I agree that there is no way a movie with so many plot holes, logical inconsistencies, bad acting, etc., should have ever cost so much. But if you try to pretend it is a low budget piece of cheese, the outrage is replaced by a tremendous sense of fun.Besides the plot holes, this film has all the elements of a true classic schlock movie. There is the truly-talented-slumming-actor (Gabriel Byrne as Satan, playing a role you know he had fun with). There is the has-been-former-box-office-draw, the aging-action-movie-star and the muscle-bound-ham (all three roles superbly filled by Schwarzenegger, our generation's cross between Steve Reeves, Tor Johnson and Elizabeth Taylor). All the minor characters are portrayed with such awful acting you can't help but break into laughter. The movie deliberately taps into the latest zeitgeist (the upcoming millennium). And there is loads of unintentional humour, non-stop action, violence, special effects, and the occasional truly inspired scene. The scenes of Byrne going around wreaking havoc are especially interesting and could eventually help make this film an exploitation classic (it already would be if it had come out in the 1970s). (I won't spoil your entertainment with the details, but one of those scenes is like the famous opening to the alleyway scene from the first Toxic Avenger movie).For a truly good film about the millenium and the antichrist, see the excellent Italian film &quot;The Day of the Beast&quot;. But for a fun film worth a few laughs, this movie is far superior to &quot;The Omen&quot;.
1/4
4.0
1027900800
B001662FKK
This is one of the best, most original horror films I've seen in ages. There are three distinct sections: The first section is a serious zombie film. The claustrophobic opening takes place in an apartment building as, through the eyes of some of the residents, we see the crisis become more and more apparent as the mayhem grows and the corridors more and more spattered with blood. In some ways it reminded me of the opening of Dawn of the Dead or 28 Days Later. The second section then comes along and surprises you with its many comic elements. I have always felt comedy and horror worked well together. In this particular instance it uses the blend of the genres to great effect with the comedy actually reinforcing the horror and vice versa. You find yourself letting your guard down with the humour, only to be hit once again with shocks. It is a far more mature and effective blending of the two then any of the Evil Dead films. The third section is probably where it will falls apart for most viewers. This section very much reminded me of early Cronenberg, with the urban decay and stark modern settings, not to mention all the TV screens, etc. The first two sections mesh a bit better than the third since the first two are united by gorey, adrenalin driven, visceral horror, only for the third part to replace this with a more artsy, sedate, intellectual (but still suspenseful and moody) approach. While I appreciate that section on its own, I wish it would have fit in better with the rest of the film, but it does get into the cause of the crisis and gives it an explanation no more pretentious than 28 Days Later's "rage". I definitely want to see more by all involved.
1/2
5.0
1294704000
B000AA4JKW
This movie, which did some decent box office when it first came out, is an adaptation of a novel that supposedly recounted the true story of a family terrorized by the restless souls of a family murdered in the house they have just moved into. However, the movie itself was dreadfully dull. I have seen 10 minute long haunted house stories on TV specials that are far more chilling than this slow moving, boring and silly movie. The whole success of the movie depended upon the misleading assertion that it was based upon a true story given that the only reason for watching it was out of curiosity. As it was later revealed, however, the novel, and therefore the movie, are total works of fiction, and rather poor ones at that. This movie is not the type of bad movie a la Ed Wood's Plan 9 From Outer Space that is fun to watch. It is just miserably bad. You might still want to rent the video to see some of the scenes that have since become popular cliches satarized in other movies and TV shows (like the bleeding walls), but otherwise avoid this one. It will just put you to sleep.
2/5
1.0
997142400
B00005A071
"The Brain That Wouldn't Die" is a masterpiece of the kind of filmmaking that's so bad that it's great, but there are many incomplete prints of this film which cut out the best scenes, including one of a pinhead tearing the arm off the mad doctor's assistant.Since I have no idea whether or not the Mystery Science Theatre version of the film, for example, is complete, but knew that Madacy had a rather complete copy of the film with a bonus feature tagged onto it, I decided to give this cheap version a try despite the adage that you get what you pay for.When Madacy does things right, they put out great deals. The thing with Madacy however is that they do not go to the expense of remastering films or tracking down the best film elements. Sometimes they have great prints, and it is unrealistic to expect perfect prints of any of these old turkeys which nobody made any effort to preserve in the first place. Even some of the ones which are slightly degraded have a fun midnight movie feeling to them with their scratches, etc. And for an apparently complete cut of "The Brain..." I was even willing to lower my standards. However, the picture quality of this print of "The Brain..." is particularly terrible. The print is all washed out and there is very little black and white contrast or detail. Watching this version, I believe I have a good idea of what it is like having a cataract.Well, I was willing to take a gamble because the disc is cheap and contains a second movie, and usually at least one film on Madacy's double features is worthwhile. But "Beast From Haunted Cave" is merely boring. There are only approx. 5 minutes of the film that are interesting when the aforementioned beast, a character apparently added to the film as almost an afterthought, is on the screen, but this isn't enough to make the film worthwhile.I still enjoy owning what seems to be a complete cut of "The Brain That Wouldn't Die", but I would recommend looking into the running time of other releases as it is worth some extra cost to get a better complete print (the complete cut is usually listed as running approx. 92 minutes), especially since the extra feature of "The Beast From Haunted Cave" provides no incentive to buy this version.
4/6
3.0
1043366400
B0000INU8Q
This 30th Anniversary Edition takes the original Night of the Living Dead movie and throws in a new soundtrack and new scenes. As far as I was concerned, the original movie was perfect as is and this was unnecessary, however I decided to be openminded and give this edition a chance considering that the new material was written by John Russo (who co-wrote the original movie), and has photography (and acting) by Hinzman (who also helped create the original). I was completely let down.The new scenes include a new introduction, miscellaneous scenes of zombies marching and getting killed by rednecks, and a new epilogue. The miscellaneous scenes sometimes interfere with the flow of the movie, the makeup is less effective, and some of the new extras are terrible. They do a half decent job of editing in the new scenes, but they are still noticeable (for example, the fashions are not quite right). The new introduction and epilogue are ridiculous.The intro merely establishes that the lead zombie (played by Hinzman) was a criminal when alive. This takes away from one of the films most effective elements: that the zombies could be your next door neighbour or a close friend or relative, but they will still mindlessly try to kill you. Hinzman is obviously older in the frontal shots (the profiles are okay). When he starts attacking two gravediggers, one of the "actors" begins running away then realizes Hinzman was supposed to grab him first, so he actually goes back to the coffin and leans down so Hinzman can grab him!!! The fact they didn't do a second take shows a lack of care.The epilogue is a "one year later" interview with an insane hellfire and brimstone preacher who survived the carnage. It is stuck in the middle (spoiler warning) of the scene of Duane Jones being killed and the ending credits showing the rednecks disposing of his body!! Talk about interfering with a very effective ending!You do have the option to watch the original cut (on an excellent print), but you can only watch it with the new soundtrack! The old soundtrack was made up of library music, but it worked excellently. At best, the new soundtrack is mediocre. Sometimes it doesn't even fit the mood of the scene, for example being frantic when the action is more sedate and depressive.The booklet contains interviews mostly consisting of the actors talking about how "flawlessy" the new scenes were added and how old fans will love the new version (wrong). There is a fun commentary track, but you get the same people (plus others, including Romero) giving the same info on the commentary tracks in the far superior Elite Millennium Edition.
5/5
2.0
1026345600
B0000INU8Q
Many of the negative review below are for the Anchor Bay 30th Anniversary Limited Edition which has a new (mediocre) soundtrack and new footage, and have nothing to do with the dvd listed here, so don't get confused by all the negative reviews. This Elite edition is the definitive Night of the Living Dead dvd, approved by George Romero and stacked with extras. I doubt I need to go into what an excellent and important film this is or try to talk you into getting at least one version, so if you are just unsure of which edition to get, this is the one!
5/6
5.0
1026086400
630027201X
This really silly movie is a bit of a guilty pleasure that must be watched with your brain shut off. If you have too much free time and have some cash to throw away, you could do worse. I would really give it 3.5 stars if I could. Ron Howard plays the son of a sheriff who steals a race car from a track and goes on a joyride with his friends in an attempt to impress a girl who loves speed. The car chases are more comical than thrilling. Actually the best scenes take place, not in the car, but at the sheriff's station run by several imbecilic deputies, and housing a couple of drunks and an ever-increasing number of people showing up to report complaints about the sheriff's son.This movie is like a Saturday morning cartoon in many ways. For instance, in one scene the car is almost driven off a cliff using the roof of a shack as a ramp, then Ron Howard says &quot;naaah&quot;, and the film reverses with the car impossibly returning to the road.This light-hearted drive-in movie comedy was so successful, that producer Roger Corman gave Ron Howard the chance to direct another movie with essentially the same script and launched his new career. Not great filmaking, but still an interesting little diversion if you don't take it too seriously.
4/9
3.0
1003276800
1561631531
Yes, the story by Jodorowsky, instead of being one of his better surreal works, is merely an attempt to connect together a bunch of black and white drawings by Moebius that are unconnected except in theme, and, as a result, it would have been better if the publishers instead used the pages devoted to the text to print more Moebius artwork, but if you are a fan of Moebius, this is a nice collection of some great artwork printed in large a size on good quality paper. It doesn't get 5 stars because of the wasted pages.
4/4
4.0
1004054400
082304632X
If you are reading this, I will assume that you are already a fan of either Dave McKean in particular or Sandman in general.Included are all the covers from the Sandman series minus the logo, publisher and price indicia, UPC codes, etc., thus showcasing these wonderful works of art in the format they deserve. Also included are some extra pages of art used to fill out the Sandman trade paperback collections. Even if you own the whole series, it is a worthwhile buy. But what makes the collection particularly unique is the inclusion of a brand new true story by Neil Gaiman and McKean about how the ficitonal world of the Sandman intruded upon their lives during the planning stage of the series.As other reviewers have noted, the artwork is worth viewing on its own merits and deals with universal themes from the unconscious, so even if you don't know what the heck Sandman is it is worth a look. This is surrealism at its height by a master of many artistic media including painting, collage and computer graphics.
7/7
5.0
990489600
B000068C3V
Franco's 150+ films can be divided into two types: crude, deritive films he quickly cranked out in order to maintain an income, and those into which he poured his heart and soul. The fact that most of his films fell into the former category, that he had low budgets and short filming periods, his films are often poorly translated, and ill-advised cuts were often created by his american distributors, has led to an underappreciation of Franco's skills. Although most of his films deserve all the criticism they receive, this disk should help lead to a reevaluation of Franco.This film, despite the unfortunate title imposed upon it by the producers, is one of Franco's better films, although those looking for a horror film or one of Franco's more fun-filled movies, such as The Girl From Rio, will likely be disappointed.After the death of his favourite star, Soledad Miranda, in a tragic accident, Franco spent about a year cranking out lousy films in order to quickly fulfill his contractual obligations with a German distributor. Afterwards, he created this film which is a very personal, poetic, surreal and melancholy rumination upon death, most likely inspired by Soledad's death. One of the themes touched upon is how death is especially tragic when it happens to someone who is young and innocent.Attempting to describe the plot only does this film injustice. Without conveying the film's actual mood created through image, music, and acting, the story sounds absurd and simplistic. Fortunately, Image has for the first time released Franco's true vision of the film. As another reviewer notes, you should watch this in the original language. Previously the dozens of different cuts available in the american market were bastardized versions with inserts created by different directors. Some of these schlocky inserts are included on the disk as an extra, including some by Jean Rollin (from whom I would have expected much better).
11/13
5.0
1077667200
B00004R71O
Lost Highway has been available on DVD for a while now in Canada. The problem is that some genius decided to release it solely in a pan and scan version. As a result, for over the past year, copies of Lost Highway DVDs have been clogging the clearance bins of stores all across the country as true film fans (who else would buy anything by Lynch?) avoid this mutilated version of the film like the plague. I can just picture what the various distributors are thinking: "Someone else already released Lost Highway and it didn't sell. Obviously, nobody wants to buy it."In conclusion, I don't think we'll see a proper release of LH in North America until enough people raise enough of a stink.
17/19
5.0
1074988800
B00005MM6H
To give you a quick idea of how bad this film is: the best thing about it is that Clint Howard has a small role.The basic plot of this film is that the biowarfare division of a corporation has genetically modified chickens so that they lay eggs which hatch dinosaurs. Despite the fact that the company knows these eggs are dangerous (they already have a full-grown dinosaur locked up in their basement), the modified chickens are not only kept in a minimum security warehouse, they are also sometimes shipped out to be sold commercially as food!!! (Yes, the insane scientist in charge of the project has kept its purpose secret from most, but there are others who know about it). Also, for reasons not clearly explained, a surpisingly large number of pregnant women in the film give birth to dinosaurs (I guess they ate some of the slimy green eggs!). Now, if the movie were fun I'd be willing to suspend my disbelief about all this, but the movie is a complete mess.This film was obviously rushed out to cash in on the simultaneous release of Jurassic Park. It appears that in order to meet this deadline, Roger Corman took an incomplete film and re-edited it chronologically into something competely lacking continuity. For example, what should be a continuous ten-minute sequence near the end of the movie (the hero confronting the mad scientist) is spliced up so that the scene apparently takes place over the space of two or more days! Scenes keep shifting from day to night and back to day again. Characters suddenly pop up in completely different locations from where they were seconds before and engage in acts that do not logically follow what they were doing before, and appear to pick up new information clairvoyantly (when they are not completely forgetting other important events). Various plot threads also go absolutely nowhere. Even the meaningless captions about "Contaminated Cells Per Million" occassionally flashed on the screen (it does not actually appear to refer to anything!), instead of continuously climbing, jumps up and down (20%...35%...12%).In films like Plan 9 From Outer Space where there was no budget or talent to work with, this sort of thing is excusable and the results can be entertaining. However, I found Carnosaur to just be frustrating and insulting. It is too bad this had to happen considering the script does make some interesting points about uncontrolled research into genetically modified food, etc., and has a more interesting premise than Jurrasic Park regarding the origins of its dinosaurs. But instead what resulted is a shameful cash-grab which should only appeal to those who care more about gore than story. And the dinosaurs look silly!
7/9
1.0
1017446400
630532297X
Two of the rules that I have developed over the past 10 years for picking good movies and which have yet to be disproven are:1. Don't bother watching any Mel Brooks films made after Blazing Saddle; and2. Don't watch any Leslie Neilson comedies that aren't directed by the Zucker/Abrahams/Zucker team.Unfortunately, since there was nothing else on TV, I broke my own rules, and this film proves that both rules are still applicable. Mel Brooks has degenerated from clever satires with silly, but well-done scenes, to just plain bad silliness. Like all non-ZAZ Neilson comedies, Brooks' later films, Space Balls and beyond, all come off as badly done attempts to imitate Airplane! that just don't work. They all come off as purely juvenile drivel without the wit or directoral talents of the ZAZ team who know the importance of timing and deadpan delivery to good silly movies. It is sad that such brilliant people as Brooks and Neilson have taken to making suc!h unfunny, childish garbage.Get a good Brooks film like High Anxiety, Blazing Saddles or the Producers, or get a good Neilson film like Airplane (1 only) or the Naked Gun movies instead.
2/7
2.0
988243200
1559271302
One thing you should know about this book is that in the sequel, The Other Side of Deception, Ostrovsky admits that some of the info in By Way of Deception was deliberately inaccurate and meant to serve as a message to the Mossad that they want to leave him alone or he will reveal the real info. The Other Side of Deception also reveals his true reasons for writing an expose, not so much idealism as it was self-preservation (if he weren't Machiavellian, do you think they would have made him a case worker?).To address another reviewer's doubts: he was given protection by the Canadian government. And he acted quickly to make sure he had a lot of publicity so any sudden death would be carefully investigated with the Mossad being the obvious suspect.
68/76
4.0
1106265600
B000H3ABBI
The Island of the Day Before is basically one half a science fiction novel written from the point of view of society several hundred years ago and one half timeless romance.The story takes place during a time period when new methods to calculate longitude were becoming increasingly important with the increase in exploration of the new world. The narrator of this book spends much of the novel exploring then current theories of how to calculate longitude, some of which are now easy to laugh at (such as the use of sympathetic wounds on dogs), although all the theories may have seemed logical at the time.The most interesting misunderstanding in this novel, however, is regarding the international dateline. The narrator of the novel is stranded on a ship wrecked off the coast of an island through which the international dateline passes. Passages in which the narrator describes how he wound up in such a position alternate with passages in which he describes his attempts to reach the island in the belief that if he passes through the date line that he will travel back in time a day and, e.g., be able to save the life of his companion who drowned the day before. However, while this misunderstanding is humourous, Eco's portrayal of the narrator's desire and need for his theory to be true is rather poignant. Unfortunately, the science can get a bit thick at times and I did find it a bit difficult to wade through some of the longer discourses on astronomy, but it was still worthwhile to make the effort.Making the effort worthwhile is a back story that reads like a cross between Dumas and Poe, filled with strong romance and intrigue. Amongst the plot elements are dopplegangers, conspiracies, and such characters as Cardinal Richleu. As with most Eco novels, it is helpful if the reader is actually interested in history. However Eco is talented enough at bringing historical periods to life that even the most casual historian will be interested.Ultimately, I did not find this book as intellectually stimulating as Foucault's Pendulum, but it was more emotionally powerful. I very much look forward to Eco's next novel.
3/3
5.0
990489600
B0000WN1WW
&quot;Gold is where you find it&quot; (whatever his or her real name may be) feels that only people with low IQs enjoy Gilligan's Island. Maybe that explains why I only scored 97.3% on my LSATS and consistently only score in the neighbourhood of 170 on intelligence tests. Maybe that's why I don't appreciate the sublime comedies of The Bard which usually center around women fooling their husbands into thinking they are male strangers simply by wearing false mustaches. Maybe that is why I prefer watching a lighthearted comedy like Gilligan's Island which deftly satirizes such things as greed and egotism and envy, etc. over insulting other people on the internet or reading some dreary novel about existential ennui any day.For those reasons, I am personally quite thankful that Gilligan's Island is now being collected on DVD to provide entertainment to my woefully inadequate intelligence (We philistines in Canada also have an unfortunate need for fun. C'est la vie.) Of course, I often wonder why Gilligan doesn't get shot by the other castaways halfway through each episode (something I also often wondered about the entire cast of Seinfeld), but then my brain just begins to hurt and I stop.
8/10
5.0
1087257600
B00006LSDJ
&quot;The Final Programme&quot; is an adaptation of Michael Moorcock's first book in the Jerry Cornelius series. Like Elric, the Jerry Cornelius stories, an epic in themselves, comprise a subset of his Eternal Champion epic, inspired in part by Jungian psychology and the theories of Joseph Campbell. Of all of Moorcock's books, the Jerry Cornelius stories are the most experimental and are by far those which lend themselves the least to movie adaptation.Robert Fuest, who was a set designer and director of the Avengers TV series and the Dr. Phibes movies, makes an admirable, and visually entertaining, attempt at adapting the first novel, however what he creates is ultimately flawed. This is most noticeable in the ending (which I won't spoil) which comes off as purely pretentious camp in the film, although it works well in the novel.One of the things which makes the Jerry Cornelius series most interesting is that each novel takes place in a slightly different world with slightly different characters with similar names, reliving the same dramas over and over again. For example, there is the love triangle between Jerry and his brother and their sister, which is barely developed in the movie, perhaps for censorship reasons. As you progress through each book, the themes become reinforced and the series' exploration of archetypes becomes stronger. The love triangle, for example, becomes more profound and takes on mythic tones, like the legends of Osiris, Isis and Anubis. By adapting only the first novel, the movie loses most of its impact and its focus on the themes in the novel becomes quite surface. So instead of an amazing intellectual journey, you instead get what appears to be an especially campy, bizarre and racey episode of the Avengers, with secret agents and spies in fancy dress racing to retrieve a mysterious microchip in a psychedelic and decadent age.Another weakness of the movie is that it gives only a bare glimpse at the End of the World, something that is wonderfully portrayed (in different manners) in each of the Cornelius books. The largest indication of the movie taking place at the end of the world is a speech about the approaching end of the current Yuga (or &quot;age&quot;). However, it is preferable that the movie is a bit too subtle in this regard instead of hitting you over the head with it.Someone who has read the Cornelius books will likely have greater appreciation for this film than others, recognizing what it accomplishes in attempting to adapt an impossible to film book. But all should find at least the first half an enjoyable trip with great, creative visuals and avant garde late 1960s fashion and architecture.
10/11
4.0
1042156800
0974304824
This is not the type of book I would ordinarily read. Books on child abuse tend to be either too depressing, self-exploitative, or resort to too much pop psychology without managing to give any real insight. However, these are all things which "Father's Touch" has managed to avoid. Despite the horrible subject matter of this book, Donald D'Haene manages to draw you into his story with his very cinematic writing style and manages to illustrate how horrible child abuse is without ever resorting to lurid details. And, most importantly, Donald uses his story in a very constructive manner.One of the things which is often most confusing to people who haven't been the victim of child abuse is how such things can go on without being detected or why people in such a situation don't just try to escape it. The fact is that many people try to escape, but due to lack of support, fail, while others are so psychologically torn down that they feel incapable of escaping. Donald manages to create an understanding of how this happens, illustrating how often abuse builds slowly over time, how the abuser manages to assert himself over others until they feel powerless, and how abuse can even begin to seem a normal part of life or something to be taken for granted, like the fact that the sun will rise in the morning.This book also does an excellent job of illustrating how necessary it is for there to be a strong social support system for those who are not able to help themselves. Often, victims might not know there is any alternative available. Some cities are filled with homeless children who have found living on the street to be their only means of escape. Donald did not ultimately resort to such drastic measures himself, but his early attempts to get help often just resulted in the sort of social rejection which does drive many victims into feeling complete hopelessness and even self-blame.And this book couldn't have come at a better time with the few support structures in place here in Ontario, where the events in this book take place, being threatened by massive cuts in funding being made to pay for unrealistic tax breaks promised during the last provincial election. We are now seeing shelters for abused women and children being closed down when instead more should be built. It is also ironic that Donald was not given any help by anyone he turned to in Aylmer years ago, but now the protection system is being attacked by critics in Aylmer who see the authorities' early intervention in another recent case as a form of persecution! Sure, the system is open to abuse, but as "Father's Touch" illustrates, such "interference" is often necessary. Critics in the Aylmer area would be especially well advised to read this book.Sadly, in Aylmer, there is still a great deal of abuse which goes unchecked due to the presence of some very isolated communities, much like the one described in "Father's Touch", and there is now a cult in town which advocates that any child showing any sign of independent thought should be "beaten into submission". What happened to Donald is still happening in to others, and is actually finding acceptance by some merely because it is physical instead of sexual abuse. Hopefully, this book can create more understanding for the victims and encourage others to give the victims their support.
0/0
5.0
1032134400
0609808206
To get my biases out of the way: I am of the opinion that comics should be collected for their entertainment value and not as an investment. Even then, collectors need protection from price gouging, so if the guide actually played the role of protecting collectors by helping establish what a good price is for each comic it would be of some use. However, it has earned the nickname of the "Overprice Guide" for a good reason, and as a result isn't even of much use to investors, let alone collectors.1. Many comic stores use the latest guide as an excuse to raise their prices as much as possible regardless of their own experiences of supply and demand. Many stores will even charge over the priceguide listing suggesting that the demand has continued to rise since the book was published when the opposite is usually true. Then, in a vicious cycle, the next guide reflects these changes. Speculators taking note of brief trends in the price guide will also temporarily incr!ease demand and decrease supply of the listed comics by buying them out, thus lending the Price Guide some artificial legitimacy through self-fulfilled prophecy. This sort of thing then usually winds up collapsing in on itself when speculators try offloading their hoards of speculative treasure and wind up flooding the market with titles with little actual demand. Look for example at the death of Superman issues or the brief Valiant craze. Hot titles one year are found collecting dust in bargain bins the next, thanks in part to the speculative market supported by the price guide. By basing its own listing on irrational market activity, Overstreet (which is unfortunately the most influential guide) contributes to this problem.2. It is easy to compare two editions of Overstreet's Price Guide one or two years apart and find many listed prices that have dramatically decreased because the Guide has fallen into the trap of reflecting brief trends. The Guide is obsolete almo!st as soon as it comes out. The only areas in which the Guide IS useful are for titles whose trends have been well-established over many years (e.g. old EC comics, Action Comics #1, etc.) and how many can afford that? Sure, the rolling average helps a bit, but most irrational inflation occurs with new titles that haven't yet been listed and therefore are immune from the rolling average. The rolling average then helps keep these titles listed at an inflated price even while the market tries to correct itself.3. If you try TRADING, let alone selling, a comic to a comic store, you can only expect a small percentage of the priceguide list (unless it is a classic collectible) because the store will refuse to gamble on the possibility of selling the latest overpriced dud or probably already has it in stock or doesn't need it wasting valuable space that could be put to better use. If the Overstreet, as it claims, reflects the market accurately, customers should get better !rates on trade. They don't because THE OVERSTREET HAS NOTHING TO DO WITH ACTUAL RATES OF DEMAND.4. If the book were truly for collectors, it would list as many lesser known titles as possible. But it doesn't. Many titles that aren't trendy are not even listed, and I'm not referring here to totally obscure self-published mini-comics and their ilk, but to well respected alternative and underground titles, etc. Thus the Price Guide is very incestuous, keeping some titles in the limelight and others in obscurity.5. For a book that is half full of paid advertisements, the price is horrible. It seems like the book could be free and the publisher would still make a profit. The advertisements aren't even much of a service. You can locate most of the stores listed for free on the internet or, if you're visiting a new area, find a larger number of local stores listed in the yellow pages. Why should the buyer pay for largely useless paid advertisements?I consider! the price guide a sad, unfortunate waste. Buy some comics instead and enjoy yourself.
19/37
1.0
989539200
B0009LS8OA
...of course that's not saying much, but this is a very enjoyable film for what it is. This film was originally titled "Zombie 2" in order to cash in on the success of George Romero's amazing "Dawn of the Dead" (which was called "Zombie" in Italy), and is Fulci's first horror film (or at least his first successful one) (he did romantic movies beforehand). In an attempt to tie this film in with "Dawn of the Dead" (the two have nothing to do with each other; "Day of the Dead" is the actual sequel) there are some scenes which take place in New York City at the beginning and end of the film, but mostly it takes place on an island where zombies are apparently being raised through voodoo as opposed to toxic chemicals (although this is not quite made clear and you never see the voodoo practitioners but only hear their drums).The action never lets up, so the film never gets boring unlike most of Fulci's films, and it has some of his best special effects, which are especially impressive given his low budgets. One brilliant scene which almost makes the film worth purchasing has a zombie battling a shark underwater! ("Jaws" had recently also been released). If he had more scenes like that, the film would really rock.There was only one scene I found pathetic, and that is the ending where New Yorkers are supposedly fleeing the city to escape the zombie infestation: you see zombies marching towards the city high above a bridge while car horns are heard blaring, but the shot of the traffic below shows normal, not even rush hour traffic, heading both directions in and out of the city! And since the traffic scene was not necessary, that can't be fully blamed on a lack of budget, but poor planning. Other than that, this film lacks Fulci's usual boners.If you see only one Fulci film (not a bad idea!) see this one!!
2/2
3.0
1024185600
B00005YWK5
To clarify the apparent confusion over this film:The Junkman is NOT Deadline Auto Theft. Both films have been referred to as Gone in 60 Seconds II, which is the source of some confusion.Gone in 60 Seconds (the original) is perhaps the best car chase movie ever made. Deadline Auto Theft is nothing more than Gone in 60 Seconds with some of the scenes replaced by an inferior new subplot about a Sheriff out to catch the auto thieves, but his plot goes absolutely nowhere (He is never involved in any of the chases, nor do they resove his storyline. He simply disappears). Many of the original scenes which were replaced have to do with the mechanics of autotheft and character development, thus ruining a great film.The Junkman is nothing more than a vanity piece. In The Junkman, Halicki (the director of Gone in 60 Seconds, owner of a junkyard, and collector of toys) plays a junkyard owner who collects toys and just finished directing a film coincidentally called "Gone in 60 Seconds". Most of the film consists of him showing off his toy and car collections. What little plot there is consists of one of his investors trying to create publicity for the film by destroying a lot of cars participating in a road race by, e.g., dropping bombs on them from a plane, and by attempting to kill Halicki before he can make it to the film's premiere. Unlike Gone in 60 Seconds, the chases are totally unexciting, build no suspense, and do not showcase any skillfull driving (I mean on part of the fictional characters, not the stunt drivers).
29/30
2.0
1090195200
B00004CNGQ
I am not one of those purists who demands that movies be the exact duplicates of any novel they adapt (see Werner Herzog and Klaus Kinski's Nosferatu instead if you insist on such purity). There are, after all, some things that work in novels that don't work in movies and vice versa. But this film's title is highly misleading. As it has been noted before, Coppola takes too many liberties with the story. Some of the changes are actually an improvement on the novel, including the way Coppola brings out the suppressed eroticism of Stoker's novel and the many improvements made to the character of Van Helsing (who was one dimensional in the novel). However, other liberties (e.g., showing Dr. Seward inject himself with morphine for 10 seconds then ignoring this subplot for the rest of the movie) are unecessary and pointless and add nothing to the characters or plot, and others (the whole melodramatic and soap-operaesque love story that derails half the movie) detract from the story to a huge extent. It also seems that for every good point there is a bad point. Some of the visuals, for example, are amazing, but the techniques sometimes get in the way of the storytelling (especially during Dracula's ocean cruise, a chilling part of the novel largely cut in order to make room for the ridiculous love story). The casting of Tom Waits as Renfield is brilliant, but his subplot was also badly compressed so that, e.g., Dracula could make a speech about Absinthe. Anthony Hopkins is superb as the improved Van Helsing, but Keanu Reeves' terrible performance is absolutely excruciating to watch and Winona Ryder does a mediocre job largely thanks to her poor attempts at an English accent. And Gary Oldman is great in his title role and, admittedly the substandard love story does give him more room to develope the character, but this does not fully redeem the new storyline. And Coppola uses visual techniques to add to the story (e.g., Dracula's shadow which seems to act independently of his body), but ironically sticks to the novel's storytelling technique of switching from one character's diary to another for narration in a way that leaves the movie disjointed (it works far better in prose format). If Coppola did stick strictly to the novel, or went to the other extreme and made it entirely his own vision, it could have been a brilliant movie, but instead he creates a mess by trying to accomplish both at the same time.
4/6
3.0
998956800
B00004CNHB
The Planet of the Apes series as a whole has deservedly earned itself a reputation as embarassing, schlocky and terrible. However, the sequels were all written and directed by other people who apparently missed the point of the first movie and wound up rewriting the origins of the planet in a way that completely robbed the series of any serious message or impact.This first movie is an excellent satire on both dogmatic thinking and on the self-destructiveness of man. The excellent script, adapting the original novel, is by Rod Serling of Twilight Zone fame. Unfortunately, these days many people who have not bothered watching the movie know the (originally) surprise ending. But even then it is a very effective film, so don't worry about knowing the surpise ruining the movie. It is still quite exciting, entertaining viewing.Even the scenery and costumes avoid appearing dated unlike most 1970s sci-fi films, including that masterpiece 2001. The make-up is great for its time (and won a special Academy Award before f/x or makeup were regular categories), although the mouths on the apes don't move much (in contrast to Burton's version).The only real weakness of the film is Charlton Heston's horrid overacting, which detracts from the serious message of the film, but it is fun to watch him spewing such lines as &quot;IT'S A MADHOUSE!&quot;. And, yes, sometimes the filmmakers hit you on the head with their message.But don't let prejudice stop you from watching this film. This movie only has any bad rep at all as the result of guilt by association with the sequels.
5/10
5.0
1013385600
B0001BKBGG
Sword of the Valiant is an attempt at a literal adaptation of one of the most truly bizarre and surreal epic poems to come out of medieval Europe; one full of symbolism never meant to be taken literally; with too small of a budget to pull it off. Try picturing Terry Gilliam's Baron Munchausen without any of Gilliam's panache. Watching this when I was a young kid while I was home with a fever gave me a good idea of what a drug trip must be like. This one's more for the Teletubbies crowd than for anyone looking for a good story.
2/10
3.0
1078617600
6302919630
Orson Welles, who was not known for his modesty, said that if a cabinet containing every film ever made caught fire and he only had time to run in and rescue one film, it would be the Grand Illusion (not Citizen Kane, etc). Most people watching this film today might wonder why it warrants such high praise. I say this because many of the themes in this film have been dealt with memorably in other films (the first time I saw the Grand Illusion, for example, I couldn't help thinking that I preferred Stalag 17). As a result, the film appears to be less original than it actually was. Modern audiences are also not used to the movie's themes being dealt with so subtly (no bodies are graphically blown up to show the horrors of war, no lower class characters are unjustly executed, etc). Thus it will not attract as much widespread popular praise as such overblown garbage as Saving Private Ryan (which is a complete and utter failure as an anti-war movie after its opening 10 minute gorefest ends). In contrast, this film has a subtle depth which elevates its effectiveness and will keep the viewer thinking long after it ends.There are many illusions dealt with in the film. The interaction between the upper class prisoners and the prison camp's commandant (excellently performed by Erich Von Stronheim) illustrates the illusion of civility that exists (or should I say existed) during war (people pretending to be civilized while trying to wipe each other out). It illustrates the illusion of nationalism (except for the war, the officers are kindred spirits). The illusion of class is also well portrayed with the commandant arbitrarily showing less favour to some prisoners because of their last name and for no other reason. Viewers with knowledge of history will also note the irony in its theme of the decline of nobility and the ascendency of democracy given that this film occurs during a war in which lowly soldiers were ruthlessly sacrificed by their &quot;noble&quot; leaders in greater numbers than in any other war.One thing which makes this film different from most others about war or class is that it portrays the noble officers as worthwhile and positive people, but it treats all of its characters with equal respect. This, of course, further illustrates the illusory nature of class.For a thought-provoking movie, it is also quite entertaining, filled with humour, suspense and great performances. While I would not go as far as Welles in his praise of The Grand Illusion, it is still very highly recommended.
20/22
5.0
1020211200
0966891627
I don't know what to make out of this book. It is either: 1) deliberate disinformation written by a government agent designed to undermine serious attempts by people like Alex Constantine to expose CIA experiments (including their publically admitted MK-Ultra program) by creating the impression that proponents of such theories are insane, 2) written a woman who is truly a victim of such a program BUT who has been set up to create a book full of easily discreditable fantasy in a disservice to herself and others like her, or 3) a deliberate piece of satire. The book has been clearly marketed as fact, so I lean towards scenario #1 or 2 as the most likely origin of the book.The possibility that this book falls under scenario 1 or 2 prevents me from reviewing it as a comedic satire. And given the possiblity of scenario #3, I am reluctant to ridicule the author who may, indeed, be a victim.Even if it is disinformation (deliberate or not), this book says something interesting about the agencies behind it and the gullible readers who choose to believe this drivel. Imagine, what is basically little more than a hardcore porn novel filled with little else than graphic scenes of rape and humiliation (involving orgies with celebrities and politicians) written in the style of a deliberately erotic novel being embraced by the self-same Christian soldiers who campaign tirelessly against all pornography, including that of a less unhealthy and consensual nature! Because that is what this book is, however you interpret its origins: one hard-core sex scene following another depecting an (oft-times) underaged girl being forced into sex acts against her will. It is as if some readers are willing to deceive themselves into believing the utterly ridiculous (and, yes, almost comedic) events depicted in the novel because it is the only means by which they can justify buying this pornography. (&quot;We're not buying it for the sex, we're buying it because it illustrates an American Tragedy!&quot;) What nonsense!! If the readers want to embrace someone for crusading against thought control by the government, then they should be embracing the Alex Constantines of the world.I do not like any of the politicians or celebrities slandered by this book (there are far more well-documented facts that may be used to condemn or criticize each of them), so I enjoy seeing them slagged on some level. But this is not the way.This book, however you look at it, is nothing more than disgusting exploitation.
54/113
1.0
991008000
B00005JG6R
I'm going to have to wade against the current and give this a really negative review. Having heard about this movie for years without getting a chance to see anything but a few clips, I rushed home from the video rental store where I found it with great expectations. But although the animation was every bit as impressive as I expected, the story itself was worse than just nonsense, it was DULL. I don't fully blame Akira's creator for this boring confused mess, after all he had to condense a large, complex work thousands of pages long into a relatively short movie. However, I found it to be as boring and vacuous as the Americanized version of the original Godzilla. Like Godzilla, much of the movie is taken up by an (albeit visually impressive) monstrosity running rampant through Tokyo and brainlessly destroying everything in its way without any clear motive. Sure, the original comic, which I haven't read (a movie should stand on its own), probably makes sense and has some meaning and depth, much like the original Japanese version of Godzilla is supposed to be a powerful allegory of the nuking of Hiroshima, but personally I don't find the sight of animated buildings being destroyed for what seems to be an eternity any more interesting than watching it happen to a bunch of models built by Toho. It does begin with an interesting storyline about government experimentation and study of psychics and about a motorcycle gang, but with the film's chopped up story, it just becomes a confused mess and an excuse for the later destruction.Akira is worth watching for those purely interested in the technical aspects of animation, and one of it plusses is that it actually has oriental characters (much Japanese animation portrays futures in which there isn't one single oriental). But neither does it fully avoid the disturbingly conformist manner in which human physical characteristics are (unrealistically) portrayed in Japanese animation (big eyes, etc. -- how about some individual artistic expression?), and there are a number of movies now available in North America with equally impressive animation and better unlike back when Akira first came out. Akira did help introduce a new genre to North America, which is a wonderful accomplishment, so it is still of historic interest, but I have to pass on Akira itself.
9/19
1.0
1003276800
0930289226
This is a collection of Alan Moore's first Swamp Thing stories, and are amongst the first comics to be published for adult readers by a major comics publisher. The stories do lack the sophistication and literary merit of Moore's best works. And, of course, Moore's ingenious reinterpretation of the character's history will mean nothing to those who had not been fans of Swamp Thing before Moore took over, but unlike most collections of comics about a popular character, this is irrelevant. These stories work well on their own as brilliant entries into the horror genre and can be enjoyed by readers of such authors as Clive Barker.The illustrations by such artists as Steve Bissette, John Totleben and Rick Veitch are still masterpieces and remain superior to most of the artists who are popular today. Unfortunately, the art in this collection suffers from changes in printing techniques since the stories' original publication, leaving the colours a bit too bright and garish in contrast to the moody story and artwork. However, it is difficult and expensive to get the originals so this is something one can live with.
8/8
5.0
990489600
1561841536
...Included in the first edition were excellent essays by such well-known and controversial figures in the field of Liberation Psychology such as Robert Anton Wilson and Timothy Leary. Of course anyone who challenges the widely held sacred cows of society will be controversial. Unfortunately, none of these essays added anything to their solo works which deal far better with their individual theories. The remainder of the book included a juvenile, poorly drawn and written and incomplete comic book story about a voodoo man, and a large load of pseudo-mystical crap, and the braggings of various writers about what big rebels they are in the style of pretentious junior highschool student diaries.Of course Wilson has pointed out that engaging in any behaviour that challenges societal imprints can help liberate a person from the neuroses of society, therefore even engaging in &quot;pseudo-mystical crap&quot; can help, so some may find even those parts of the collection useful, but I'd rather not trade society's imprints for that of some self-appointed guru. Overall the book was only worthwhile if you were interested in eventually becoming initiated into the mysteries of the Order of the Golden Dawn.Given the publisher's history with other books, I do not expect that the second edition offers any improvement. So if you are interested in Psychological Liberation but not mystery cults, then be warned: the first edition is worth avoiding and I am sure the same is true for the second.
17/24
2.0
988329600
B002N8AQD8
Africa Blood and Guts is Africa Addio with 50 of its 138 minutes cut out of it. The people responsible for Mondo Cane went into Africa in the 1960s to record the chaos that ensued after European colonialists began to withdraw after exploiting its people and resources for years. Africa Addio is still one of the most powerful and shocking documentaries ever made, and is still pertinent (those responsible for screwing up Iraq should take note of its lessons). Distributor Jerry Gross took the original film, stripped it of all its historical context and political savvy, and released what is basically just a gross-out film under the more sensational title "Africa Blood and Guts".Blue Underground has released the uncut Africa Addio in its uncut version as part of the Mondo Cane collection. Get that instead if you can.
10/11
2.0
1078531200
B0002IBJQ4
To oversimplify the film, Donnie Darko is about a boy who may have paranoid schizophrenia who is saved from being crushed by an airplane engine which crashes into his bedroom by an imaginary friend that resembles a guy in a demon bunny costume. This new "friend" begins manipulating his actions which creates a chain reaction inevitably leading to the end events. Throughout the film Donnie finds himself confronting such issues as predestination vs free will and the existence of God. The story takes place in the late 1980s, apparently so the viewer will have some expectation of what won't happen in Donnie's future.The time travel plot provides moments of interest, but is ultimately weak and pointless. I cannot give a full critique without spoiling the ending, but this storyline completely contradicts the point the film is trying to make (see below for more details). However, where the film excels is as a character study of Donnie himself and his interactions with several other interesting characters. Some of the other characters are a bit one dimensional, but that is the point. Such shallow people do exist in real life and never look at the world with the amount of depth or imagination that Donnie does, and seeing the two extremes come into conflict is priceless. This is one of the funniest satires of suburban life I have seen since American Beauty.If Richard Kelly were more confident to stick to straightforward storytelling and directing (the shifts in camera speed for example are just annoying and campy) and left out the superficial gloss and unnecessary time travel storyline, this film would be a true masterpiece. He does appear to have the potential to create surreal masterpieces like David Lynch, but he first has to figure out how how to avoid completely contradicting himself. It will be interesting to see which way he goes in the future; if he'll make the next American Beauty or the next Mulholland Dr. Maybe he'll surprise us and make a more successfull hybrid.SPOILER: The film is supposed to divine intervention leading to Donnie's self-sacrifice. However, the tragedies at the end of the film are solely caused by this intervention. For example, Donnie would not have flooded the school or burnt down the kiddie porn house or visited Grandma Death's house without the encouragement of the bunny, so his mother would not be on the plane, his teacher wouldn't have been fired, his girlfriend would not have been killed, nor would the guy in the bunny suit have even died if not for his own intervention! So the whole film lacks even any internal logic (something essential to any surreal film), Donnie's "self-sacrifice" is just plain stupidity, and the emotional impact of most of the events in the film is completely undermined.
3/6
4.0
1044576000
0771092865
Beautiful Losers is really a poem disguised as a novel. The farther you get into the book, the more stream of consciousness it becomes. Basically, it is about a man who has suffered great loss finding redemption amidst the turmoil of 1960s Quebec. It also is the story about an indigenous woman obtaining sainthood during the turmoil of the age of exploration.The only criticism I have ever heard when discussing this book with others is that it is vulgar (and only from one person), and he completely dismissed the whole book on this basis. That completely misses the point. It does get vulgar, but the novel is about ordinary people finding enlightenment within the physical world, with all its blood and detritous, and finding hope amongst suffering vs. going up into the mountains and seeking a guru or denying the body as evil like the Cathars. It is about the spirituality that can be found even in the physical world. As a result, if you read it in a bad mood, it may at first reinforce your mood, but it will ultimately pull you out the other end and help you get through.The book is disturbing at times and requires careful reading, but it is ultimately beautiful.
9/9
5.0
990144000
B000Y8YWUM
Island Monster is a cheap film Karloff made in Italy, likely just for the free vacation. A narcotics officer has been assigned to get friendly with a female who works at a night club on a touristy island because she might have ties to a drug smuggling operation. Maybe it was the fact that he publically announced to his wife and daughter as they were sending him off on a boat loaded with people that they should only refer to him by his false identity while he is working undercover, or maybe it's because he spends most of his time on the island hanging around with local police or with his wife and kid (who follow him to the island because she is jealous) but SOMEHOW his cover gets blown immediately. Anyways, the detective has spent no more than 10 minutes with his target over a 2 or 3 day period when his mission is derailed because the head of the drug operation (who, unsurprisingly, turns out to be Karloff) kidnaps his daughter.One interesting subplot has the family's pet dog somehow sneaking his way to where the girl is being held captive while carefully and deliberately avoiding detection. But once it finds the girl, this canine super spy immediately reverts to just keeping the girl company, thus preventing it from becoming Italy's answer to Rin Tin Tin. So it is up to the world's worst detective to come to the rescue. Island Monster is a slighly fun unintentional comedy, but is little more than a time waster.The Chamber of Fear is Karloff's last film (he died during filming). Written by Jack Hill (a favourite of Tarantino, and a student of Roger Corman), Hill shot all the scenes with Karloff (maybe 20 minutes total) in California, while the rest was shot in Mexico by someone else. Kindly old Karloff discovers a living rock and with the help of his daughter (a total fascist) and some psychotic loonies, keeps the rock alive while trying to get it to teach them geology. Problem is that keeping it alive consists of finding wayward young women, shooting them up with psychedelics, scaring the crap out of them, then draining some of their blood to feed to the rock. Karloff is the only one who cares about keeping the women alive. Meanwhile some of the psychos he has hired are manipulated by the rock into sacrificing women to it in exchange for power and knowledge. Will the bedridden Karloff catch on and save the earth in time? Kind of like an H.G. Lewis film without all the gore. Interesting note: it would appear that Cameron copied the &quot;King of the world!&quot; scene in Titanic (complete with the arms-outstretched pose) from this film (only here it's a bald psycho in an underground cavern vs. Leonardo on a boat).For this insanely fun second feature alone I would give the disc 5 stars, except it looks like it was transfered from a videotape. I know Retromedia always does the best it can with available material, but the video quality is still distracting.
10/11
4.0
1090627200
B00004RLFU
This movie, based upon the Stephen King novel, is about a geek who buys a car which, for no apparent reason, was "evil" even before it came off of the assembly line in the 1950s. As the geek becomes more attached to the car, he becomes increasingly sociopathic. He then uses the car (which only plays oldies from the 1950s on the radio and can reassemble itself whenever it is damaged) to get "revenge".I loved this movie the first time I saw it on late night TV so I was surprised by how boring I found it when I saw it again recently. Of course I was only 13 the first time I watched the movie and could be easily excited by any horror movie with good special effects and lots of swearing. The special effects are still great (and so is the soundtrack), but the plot about highschool bullying and overbearing parents that I used to find interesting now just comes off as one-dimensional and dull. The main character isn't very sympathetic even before he becomes corrupted by the car, so no matter how dislikeable the bullies are, you never feel much sympathy for him either. For your approximately 2 hours of viewing, you get to see a boring geek turn into an egotistical jerk and eventually run down a couple of bullies with his car. None of the good character development that exists in the book carries over into the movie and it fails to build up much suspense. Looking back, this is one of the last watchable movies Carpenter made until his recent rebirth with Vampires.There are far better car movies, Stephen King adaptations (the far better "Dead Zone" came out the same year) and John Carpenter movies than this. Do yourself a favour and get one of those instead.
4/6
3.0
1003276800
6305759049
If I were rating this movie solely on the basis of its visuals, it would get a very strong 5 stars. The cinematography, the special effects, the settings, the vivid colours, everything about this movie visually is stunning. The soundtrack is also guite good. It also has an absolutely wonderful performance by Gabriel Byrne who unfortunately doesn't always star in movies deserving of his talents. However, after the exciting opening and build-up, the main &quot;horror&quot; (more accurately &quot;supernatural&quot;) plot fizzles out.There is also a romantic subplot about the forbidden love between a celibate priest and a beautiful woman that actually remains quite strong for the duration of the film and avoids descending into melodrama like most such plots, however the ultimately weak horror plot winds up detracting from this aspect of the movie. There is also a political plot about intrigue within the Vatican regarding the suppression of the Gospel of Thomas, etc., that is unfortunately underdeveloped and which also gets lost in the shuffle. Ultimately, the movie tries to be too many things at once. But it is still a very intelligent piece of entertainment I highly recommend.
1/3
4.0
990662400
B004V4RV26
Having finished Creature From the Haunted Sea early, Corman decided to put the locations and talent he still had on hand to work on another film. Robert Towne wrote the script in a rush at the same time it was being filmed (and at the same time he was acting in it), so don't expect another &quot;Chinatown&quot;. A mobster, his wife, and a lawyer are scubadiving when some disaster (maybe an atomic war) burns out the oxygen in the air. They are saved because they still have about an hours worth of air in their tanks and are near an oxygen producing jungle. At first they work together, but a love triangle forms. Some intelligence shines through, but ultimately the film is little more than talking heads and arguments. Nothing profound.As for the picture quality, the colour has mostly faded to shades of red.
6/9
2.0
1085184000
B00004RLYP
Zardoz is an extremely heavy-handed social satire. Like most head movies of the early 1970s, it is worth watching, if for no other reason, than as a relic of a period of time when directors really started experimenting with the medium of film (with quite varied results), e.g. using psychedellic images, etc. And, like many such films, while it often comes off as pretentious, it is never actually boring.The society in Zardoz is an analogy for our own and you get a general picture of its setup in the first 20 minutes (so I'm not giving away any surprises). Sean Connery is part of a gang which is provided with weapons by a flying figure-head (literally speaking). This gang's role is to go around killing people, raping and pillaging and, consequently, they help control the population and keep it weak. The rest of the population does things like grow food and give it as offerings to the flying head, partly because it offers some semblance of control over the brutal gangs it created (and maintains) in the first place.Sean Connery decides to jump on board the flying head for a ride and learns that it is not a god, but a machine built by an elite race of immortals who have all their needs provided for (via the flying head) by the rest of society while they live in leisure. The immortals also have (exclusive) access to all recorded art and knowledge, but seem incapable of producing any themselves. In other words, there are clear analogies to inner-city gangs, police states, law and order government, capitalism, media control, and their interdependence. The rest of the film is then concerned with Connery's interaction with the immortals, learning their weaknesses, etc., and the immortals' reactions to Connery when they realize that he is mentally and physically superior to them when freed from their continued interference and control of the rest of society. Like I said, rather heavy- handed satire, but definitely not unrealistic. People from the inner-cities will recognize its accuracy the most.There are many campy touches, however most (not all) I believe are intentional. And the film has Boorman's usual stunning cinematography. This film is a cult classic which is at least always interesting if not always good. And keep in mind that Boorman, that whiz (wink wink), is not being entirely serious.
10/11
4.0
1025395200
B00005O3V8
As brilliant as this movie is, I can only give it 4 stars because its pacing often drags. However, if viewed with patience, this is a very worthwhile film to watch and a wonderful satirical examination of classism (specifically British).Peter O'Toole, playing Jack Gurney, inherits an estate and a title from his eccentric father. This is much to his relatives' horror since Jack believes that he is Jesus/the God of Love. They come up with a scheme to marry him to a prostitute so she will bear him an heir, then they can lock him away for life, thus avoiding any embarrassment to his title. Jack starts out as a harmless eccentric who loves and accepts all people and rejects materialism (which frightens visiting snobs). However, as the result of the interference of his relatives and his psychiatrist, he begins to believe instead that he is Jack the Ripper/the God of Wrath.While Jack's new personality is far more disturbing than his original harmless eccentricities, he is now accepted by the ruling class as one of them. Since he now answers to his own name (Jack) and begins to act like a racist and snobby bigot, his relatives believe him to be perfectly sane. The upper class applauds his newfound goal of reintroducing capital punishment and torture to the corrections system in order to restore a grip of fear over the lower classes and restore dignity to Britain. The fact that he refers to himself as the Lord also no longer draws attention since, through his inheritance, he is now a member of the House of Lords. One particularly striking scene has Jack perceiving the House of Lords as a decayed hall occupied by rotting corpses even as the members wildly applaud his speech, a very biting commentary on that institution's nature.Sure, the satire is a bit one-sided, but I have had enough personal experience with members of the elite who are completely out of touch with reality to recognize that there is little exaggeration in it, and I find great personal satisfaction watching this movie. O'Toole's performance is also excellent and fun to watch. Highly recommended.
16/17
4.0
1010448000
B004IT9T92
During the first few minutes of the film I thought to myself "this is going to be crap" -- it looked like it was going to be incompetent cheese like Argento's rather unfortunate "Mother of Tears" -- but I was pleasantly surprised. As the plot began to clarify itself, it wound up becoming an effective piece that was very moody and suspenseful. This is definitely a film for those who prefer a horror movie with a growing sense of dread over special effects and bodycounts. Enhancing the film's effectiveness, although it was obviously low budget, some (not all) of the performers, particularly the lead, were actually quite good. I was particularly impressed by the direction. It was filled with lots of creative shots and movement which helped maintain a tense mood throughout. Whenever the director got creative it worked, instead of coming off as self-conscious garbage like Crank. It reminded me of directors from the 70s who cared what the film looked like, like Jean Rollin before he began making crappy direct to video digital films, or for a more recent example, The Collector (which is a beautifully shot film whatever its faults). The locations and sets also really enhanced the mood. The one critique I have of the film (and it is a major one) is that I found the demon, as well as all of the people writhing around it, ridiculous (which is why the opening left me pessimistic). The less clearly you saw the demon (and his followers at the height of their orgies around the demon, or the raven girl), the better they worked. They should have been kept to glimpses. But maybe the director felt a bit of a need to cater to the limited tastes of those horror fans who require spectacle.
9/9
4.0
1304121600
5553637791
This film is mostly notorious for the...appearance of its villian (a man in a very bad gorilla suit wearing a diving helmet). However, it has so much more going for it.Basically, the Robot Monster (or Ro-Man) has been sent to earth on a mission to wipe out all human life. There are now only 8 humans left (only 6 are seen and it is not clear what happened to the other 2). The rest of humanity was tricked into wiping itself out through a nuclear holocaust (the serious message of the film). However, instead of performing his mission to wipe out the few remaining unarmed and much weaker humans, the Ro-Man spends most of his time either contacting the few remaining humans via a video screen to continuously announce to them that they are going to die, making excuses to his commander about why he is just standing around doing nothing, or walking up and down a hill. Meanwhile, the Ro-Man's communicator for some weird reason is always blowing bubbles all over the place (I kept expecting Lawrence Welk to show up).The whole film has a very surreal and trippy atmosphere to it, partly thanks to the bubble machine and the constant use of film negatives and the often emotionless acting. For an all-ages film from that period, it is also surpisingly sadistic (you should see what happens to the two annoying kids!). There is a wedding scene that outdoes anything Ed Wood ever did, the Ro-Man falls in love with the young human female and becomes conflicted (he cannot understand his strange attraction), and there is footage of really bad animated dinosaurs and actual lizards fighting each other with fins pasted on their backs, all taken from other films, which are completely out of place. And, oh yeah, there is a completely cheat ending that is repeated 3 or 4 times!This is must viewing. It is just too bad it hasn't been released in 3D.
9/10
5.0
1014163200
1563897474
The Sandman series if filled with wonderful quotations. However, owning the whole series I felt there was no point in getting this book for the quotations. Instead I bought it for its self-described impressive lineup of artists. Mistake.Out of the approximately 95 pieces of art, many of them were blow-ups of panels from the comic book. While these panels were drawn by good artists, they seem out of place reproduced here outside of the context of the full page of artwork of which they were originally part. The rest of the artwork, although excellent, consists mainly of REPRINTS of art that has appeared in the various Sandman-themed galleries, but cropped to a smaller size and printed on cheaper paper (thick, unglossy and somewhat rough like construction paper). There is one drawing by Gaiman (not bad, but not great) which I believe is published for the first time here. There were maybe only 3 other pieces which I believe came from some of the Sandman trading cards that I vaguely recognize but don't already own. Basically all the artwork consists of portraits of characters from the series, vs. representations of dreamscapes, and so I assume they will be less interesting to non-Sandman fans (though I doubt any will ever hear of this book).As for the quotations: they are mostly as wonderful as I remember them. But that's the problem. I remember them. And many of them are less interesting outside of the context of the story. And many of them are only interesting because they remind you of a particular story and aren't all that impressive on their own.This book may still be of interest to those who do not own the various Sandman gallery comics for its indeed excellent artwork, but only then.
31/43
1.0
990748800
1563892545
This book is usually advertised as a companion to the Big Book of Conspiracies. Although both are written by Doug Moench, this is not really true. There IS some crossover (for example the BBOC deals with some supposed coverups of UFOs, and UFOs are featured prominently in this book), but only superficially.As noted by one harsh reviewer below, this book does not go very far into presenting evidence. However, I know that many of the stories covered in this book are actually just as well-documented as most historical facts having read about them elsewhere (in fact, when I lived in Waterloo, Ontario, I lived down the block from the owner of the famous crystal skull depicted in one of these stories). And if you require more proof, there is an extensive bibliography. What Doug Moench does is use his limited space (the comic book format is not very good for presenting vast reams of evidence) to give a nice overall picture of paranormal mysteries. He even manages to point out various patterns, connecting together incidents usually only covered in isolation. And this is an important contribution, after all by now people who actually pay attention to evidence should have reached the point where they are more interested in understanding the phenonmena described instead of just trying to justify their beliefs. Of course, some of the stories herein are based merely on testimony given by witnesses, but eyewitness testimony is considered the strongest form of evidence by the courts and is still enough to get people sentenced to jail for life in this country (meanwhile fingerprints are only circumstantial). What matters is the credibility of the witnesses, how many unconnected individuals corroborate each other, and whether or not there is an ulterior motive for such testimony. Besides it would be ridiculous to reject all data on the basis of a few charlatans (after all we still believe in science depsite apparent hoaxes like cold fusion). And for every redneck there is still the occassional Jimmy Carter and Neil Armstrong who have also reported witnessing UFOs. If all people could be so readily dismissed for what they say or write on other subjects, no field of knowledge (history, science, etc.) could exist! But I prefer to be amongst the camp of people who, e.g., do not have to personally build and explode atom bombs or travel back in time 56 years to Japan to believe that the bombing of Hiroshima occured (the photographs, consistent testimony, etc., is enough for me). This book does (and it admits so) go out on the limb occassionally, but it does also point out some incontrovertible facts that skeptics just choose to ignore. But even if you lean more towards skepticism, this is a highly entertaining and well-illustrated book that is far more credible than the Warren Commission or most newspaper coverage of the Middle-East.
4/7
5.0
992563200
B0058AVCLI
This film is definitely amateurish, there are minor plot holes, it isn't well written enough to create genuine tension, and I doubt anyone would bother watching the movie within the movie (except for the shower scene) so thankfully the "real" action is better. But there are definite plusses to this film. As another reviewer notes, the film actually has decent characters, not just dumb teens you want to see killed off. The biker is a biker, but not a violent thug. The cop isn't another one of the stereotypical horror film cops who is either a great hero or a semi-villain trying to pin murders on teens or a moron. The teens goof off like teens will, but aren't walking, talking arguments for eugenics, if not corporal punishment. The characters actually show some logic, try stick together, work as a team and solve what is going on and escape their problem together. You do really hate it whenever the cast fails and another is killed off. And while there are violent deaths, the film isn't dependent upon over the top gore to keep up interest levels (not that that feat is perfected otherwise).Despite being somewhat amateurish, you can tell all involved tried their best to put out as good a quality film as they could for the obviously low budget, and they obviously had fun trying to make a movie that would entertain. You can also appreciate what they're trying to do with the plot even where it falls weak. If I were still a 9 year old catching this on late night TV back when this sort of thing was forbidden fruit I would have loved it (especially the shower scene). But as an adult, I think I'd stick to renting it. If it weren't for the real effort you can see behind it, I think I would be less charitable with the rating -- it is not often these days that I feel so uncynical after watching a horror movie and that deserves at least some recognition. On the other hand, it IS a bit retro for all the same reasons I liked it to some degree. Maybe I'd even consider it a classic if it had been made in the 80s or earlier -- it would have compared quite well against, say, 200 Maniacs, etc. So I'm not sure if I'm being unfairly harsh or unfairly easy on it. At least it fills up 90 minutes in an unpainful manner.
0/0
3.0
1294617600
B000260OTY
Oliver Reed and his gang plan on kidnapping a rich kid. They screw things up and wind up having to take him hostage while the townhouse is surrounded by police. The kid has a pet poisonous snake which gets loose, but it is such a minor part of the story I think the title perhaps refers more to the bad temper of the guy Reed plays (or else some producer forced it upon the film).There is no suspense, barely any action, and no humour (intentional or otherwise). Mainly, characters argue with each other a lot and often stumble around since they keep all the lights off to evade being seen by the police.
0/0
2.0
1059264000
B000067IY5
"Poetry in Motion" is an early documentary by Ron Mann, who is now more widely known for his documentaries "Grass" and "Comic Book Confidential". As with most of Mann's documentaries, he partly uses this film as an excuse to explore "alternative culture" by meeting with people he admires and capturing it all on film (something most people would love to be able to do for a living). But, as always with Mann, the product is meaningful and insightful, as well as entertaining and educational for anyone with an interest in the arts and culture, and not self-indulgent or fluffy.In some of the most interesting parts of the film, Charles Bukowski bravely dismisses most poetry, including most poems considered to be classics, as boring and pretentious and lacking in any meaning to the average person, and is equally critical of most people making a living as poets. In fact, his rant strongly reflects the feelings (usually not so well expressed) of most people I knew in highschool. But while Bukowski makes a great point, the rest of the film manages to prove that at least some poets are not guilty of such crimes as it brings their works to life.Most of the film consists of various poets, some unfortunately now departed, performing one of their poems, plus there are a few scenes wherein several of them explain their philosophies about poetry and its performance.The performance styles of each poet varies as greatly as the contents of their poems. Some poets are accompanied by background music or actually turn their poems into songs. Others incorporate dance or other visuals. Others merely read out their poems (some, e.g. Jonathan Carroll, with more feeling than others), sometimes proving that a poem is an intrinsically beautiful thing without a big production. Of course very few people will enjoy all of the performances. I found a few (e.g. the Four Horsemen's) to be horribly pretentious, showing all style and no substance. However, even the less palatable performances do a wonderful job of illustrating that poetry can be given unexpected and exciting new form when removed from the page and given life and motion, and that one's experience of a poem can be significantly transformed merely by the way it is performed.To mention a few of my favourite performances: Tom Waits performs a song, playing solo on an accoustic guitar (illustrating the fine line between poetry and music). William S. Burroughs delivers one of his poem/stories in his usual laid back, gravel-voiced, sardonic style. And, in an especially entertaining performance, Allen Ginsberg energetically sings an anti-government poem with a full rock band accompanying him while the audience dances and twists (Ginsberg sometimes joining in, wiggling and shaking on stage)."Poetry in Motion" is an interesting documentary which should be especially enlightening to those whose exposure to poetry is limited to classroom dissections of those boring, stale poems Bukowski gripes about. But old converts will find it enlightening as well.
39/41
5.0
1022803200
B000067IY8
Like Ron Mann's other films ("Grass", "Comic Book Confidential", etc), "Twist" is full of much more fun, colour, movement and wit than the average documentary, and provides an equally entertaining and educational look at 20th century pop history. And, as in his other documentaries, he looks at the broader background and sociological implications behind the main subject matter.One of the more interesting historical aspects explored in this film is the politics and social engineering behind the '50's dance crazes. The twist itself grew out of the more blatantly sexual, bump and grind dances popular in black music halls. Knowing that it was impossible to wipe out their children's interests in black culture (let's face it, African Americans not only invented rock and roll, but put out far superior music to the watered-down white artists who were more radio-friendly), white adults decided to instead try to replace the dances their children were imitating with something "safer" and more "wholesome" by doing for dance what Pat Boone and company did for rock. Funny clips are shown of whites demonstrating the "proper" technique for twisting with absolutely no hip movement! But they only partially succeeded.The Twist is not the only dance examined. Mann shows how it evolved from other dances, and how others later tried to cash in on its success by releasing songs with built-in new dances. Witness such Macarenas of the past as the hilarious The Elephant where kids use their arms to imitate an elephant's trunk! (Unfortunately, Mann does not include footage of the Neil Sadaka non-craze, The Jellyfish!!)All the people most instrumental in creating the dance craze who were alive at the time of filming are interviewed, many of them demonstrating their own twist (pun intended) on the dance. And the music and dancing is absolutely exhilarating.Sadly, Lulu's (former home of the world's largest stage) in Kitchener, Ontario, Canada where the interviews and new dance sequences were filmed has long since closed down, so this film is also a good nostalgia trip for those who miss the legendary club.
8/9
5.0
1045612800
B000067IY3
Comic Book Confidential is a fun and intelligent look at the history and evolution of comic books, mostly through interviews with some great talents and/or innovators, portraying comic books as the wonderful, subversive, unique 20th century artform that it is.Unlike most documentaries on comic books, this film does not fall into the trap of focusing on those stereotypical comics (i.e. superhero comics) which usually represent the lowest level of the artform. In fact, the film makes the point that superhero comics would have remained low in popularity if it weren't for the existence of the Comic Book Authority which helped turn the majority of comics into mediocre drivel. The film does note how Stan Lee tried to inject some relevance into superhero titles by turning the characters into human beings, and how others like Frank Miller (with his Dark Knight Returns) have attempted to make artistically valid superhero comics. However, the film is far more concerned with the individual expression of such artists as Robert Crumb, Sue Coe and Paul Mavrides. But even collectors more interested in the mainstream will find much of interest in this documentary.The film begins with a look at E.C. comics and the backlash created against such titles by Wertham's "Seduction of the Innocent". There is an excerpt from a U.S. government documentary (easily as amazing as the old "duck and cover" how-to-survive-a-nuclear-war documentary) about how reading one 8 page story will turn a child into a homicidal maniac who sticks knives into trees (I'd like to know who gave them weapons in the first place), plus footage of mass comic book burnings reminiscent of the brief Beatles backlash which will break the hearts of most lovers of pre-Code comics. Footage of Congressional investigations into comics (Bill Gaines is shown testifying) also clearly parallels the then-contemporaneous HUAC red scare.The film then shows how the Comic Code Authority (the industry's Senator McCarthy) was formed and ruined the artform with its contextual blacklist (one of their more racist decisions is shown), and how the Authority was largely abused by some companies in order to destroy their competition, e.g., forcing E.C. to fold with the exception of Mad Magazine which did not fall under the Code's mandate. It then goes into how the underground comix arose as a backlash against both the Code and/or mainstream society and illustrates their vital role as part of the late 1960s counterculture. This is followed by the underground movement's evolution into more artistically meritorious individual expressions (vs. mere backlashes) in such titles as Art Spiegleman's Raw and Los Bros. Hernandez' Love and Rockets. There is also a look at Dan O'Neill's legal problems with Walt Disney and the banning of his Air Pirates comic by a court unfamiliar with artists' rights to create parodies.Along the way, there are visually exciting montages of comic book art and photographs and films of, e.g., the early 1970s San Fran scene accompanied by lots of great music (jazz, bluegrass, etc.). Also, many of the artists interviewed (Harvey Pekar, Gilbert Shelton, Charles Burns, etc.) do a wonderful job of performing some of their short stories while their artwork is shown on the screen.This is a thought-provoking film which will have you laughing out loud even while you're learning, and is highly recommended to anyone, whether they just read mainstream comic books or don't read comics at all. Those not already familiar with the best the industry has to offer will be pleasantly surprised.
18/18
5.0
1023408000
B00008F69U
This collection is essential for fans of animation. Not only are these THE first animated cartoons ever made, but they have never been surpassed in their visual quality, not even by the Fleischers. The only reason why I take away one star is because there is very little storytelling and a great deal of repetition within most of the cartoons. This might be an unfair way to judge such pioneering work, but those problems do make the cartoons harder to sit through.The first two cartoons in the collection begin with film footage of McCay betting others that he can make moving cartoons (this is based upon real events) then end with him winning the bet, with the actual cartoons shown in the middle consisting of little more than McCay showing off what he can do. These two cartoons are visually impressive, but are especially repetetive. Most of the other cartoons are a bit better, but tend to consist of only one idea done to death (e.g. dancing bugs), but they are still miles ahead of any of Disney's old musical cartoons, are stunning to look at, and often have a surreal quality which can at times be a bit disturbing vs. just cutesy.The cartoons which do the best job at telling actual stories are &quot;The Sinking of the Lusitania&quot; and &quot;The Pet&quot;. &quot;The Sinking of the Lusitania&quot; is outright propaganda which gives a naive perspective on a deliberately staged tragedy -- the ship was filled with weaponry bound for England and they were repeatedly warned by the Germans that they would be sunk if they continued with their mission despite their use of human shields, and Europeans on both sides were involved in colonial expansion at the time (which is why WWI is so different than WWII) so its attempts to paint Germans as &quot;evil&quot; are highly arbitrary and hypocritical. Of course, its one-sidedness, near-racist attitudes, and blatant attempts to exploit tragedy to mobilize the population into violent reaction against &quot;evil&quot; Germans are to be expected, but is still distateful. It is nevertheless an interesting historical artifact.
8/14
4.0
1090022400
B008Y6TDS2
From past experience, most After Dark Horrorfest selections have something to recommend them, and I think they do a great service of bringing worthwhile low budget films some public attention. In this case it is the basic plot idea that recommends this film. Unfortunately, the script and its execution (especially the dialogue) leaves too much to be desired. Having the germ of a good idea isn't enough, unfortunately. And to give you an idea of where this director is coming from: in the deleted scene he actually suggests it was foolish to film the scene during daylight because nothing scary happens in films in daylight. REALLY? Just last night I watched Hitchcock's The Birds, so I'll mention that. Otherwise I'd be left with many thousands of other examples to draw upon of what a real director can do when confronted with the idea of making something scary happen during daylight. And, FYI, no, the surprise revelation at the end of the film wasn't the least bit shocking and may as well been left out.
0/0
2.0
1325548800
B00007ELDM
A widow blames her husband's suicide upon a group of aristocrats who subsequently grabbed up all of his estate, leaving her destitute. She studies the arcane, pronounces her allegiance to the devil, and decides to create a Frankenstein monster in order to wreak vengeance. She funds her studies by performing seances under a new name until one of her intended victims hires her, recognizes her, and decides to finance her and provide her with facilities for her research into the arcane, in which he shares an interest. Most of this history is provided through narrative. The bulk of the film then deals with her eventually creating a monster (a tall, bald man who keeps one eye shut, is covered in white powder and has scars drawn on with mascara) while keeping her exact activities secret from her clueless benefactor. Except for a hillarious early 1970s fashion show sequence, and a little cheese here and there, this film is extremely dull and moves far more slowly than any of the old Hammer Frankenstein movies, while lacking their wit. It does have an evil dwarf (a guilty pleasure of mine), but he is completely wasted (he just hides in the basement until the villainess decides to kill him for no reason). As with most bad horror films, the police who investigate the various murders(when we finally get to them), as well as all those occupying the castle where this all takes place, fail to get a clue until the very end of the film.Although I also consider Lady Frankenstein to be weaker than any of the Hammer Frankenstein films, it is a better female-lead Frankenstein-style-monster film than Devil's Kiss. In conclusion, this film is a renter, not a buyer. It may be worth noting the director never made a second horror film.
2/4
3.0
1077408000
B00007ELDA
I won't go into the plot since it is well described in another review. My problem with this film is that it is just too long and directionless. Early in the film it is a half decent black comedy with over the top gore (which prevents it from becoming scary or suspenseful), and the special f/x and performances are pretty good for the very low budget. But after a while the constant bickering between the cannibalistic family members just becomes annoying and the wait for anything resembling a plot progression becomes unbearable. It seems the scriptwriter's main goal was to showcase his skill at penning insults. Read Peter Milligan's graphic novel &quot;Eaters&quot; instead for a black comedy about a family of cannibals that has actual wit and biting satire.
2/5
2.0
1053043200
B000069AZM
With the exception of Yellow, which is a wonderful pop song, I found the album to be an overall disappointment. It is better than a lot of crap in the market. However, the reason why listening to this album is excruciating is that you can hear that they have the potential to put out an excellent album. Unfortunately, they try too hard to tread the thin line between pop and serious music and don't quite pull it off. Most of the songs would have sounded better if they had held back on their guitar flourishes or if they had gone full blast as they did with Yellow.I do look forward to hearing future releases to see if they do meet their potential, but for now I find their debute disappointing.
1/2
2.0
986860800
B008O88AE8
Groove Tube is a collection of parodies of popular culture similar to "Kentucky Fried Movie". But while Groove Tube is far inferior to KFM, it is superior to "Amazon Women on the Moon", and more closely matches KFM in its lewdness.The only real weakness with Groove Tube is that much of its satire focuses upon television. Therefore, unlike the movies parodied in KFM and AWOTM, much of the source material satirized in Groove Tube is no longer available or as much in the public mind. For example, there is a parody of a famous commercial from the 1970s with the sexist line "My wife, I think I'll keep her". All the parodies can be enjoyed on their own, but they lose some of their punch if you are unfamiliar with what they're making fun of.Of course, most of the sentiments covered in the movie are still part of the culture, so the parody still works if you are unfamiliar with 1970s television, and there are a few parodies of things everyone knows, like Kubrick's 2001. And you don't have to, e.g., sit through reruns of such shows as Starsky and Hutch to appreciate the long sketch about two buddy drug dealers starring Richard Belzer (perhaps this sketch portrays his cop character's hinted at rebellious days?).But definitely try out "Kentucky Fried Movie" first if you haven't already, then only get this if you enjoy KFM.
1/4
5.0
1032912000
B00005NKYQ
This album is comprised of nothing but covers (thus the gimmick of releasing the cd with four different covers) of such wide-ranging (male) artists as KISS, Depeche Mode and Tom Waits, the common theme of each song being stories about women or about sex roles (well, this is not quite true with all the songs in their original form, but Tori does, e.g., turn &quot;Enjoy the Silence&quot; into the monologue of a showgirl).I approached this album with some trepidation since I find most covers to be litle more than inferior imitations, however much like she did earlier with Nirvana's &quot;Smells Like Teen Spirit&quot;, Tori has managed to transform the songs on this album into something her own. Unfortunately, although the listener can definitely appreciate her effort on each song, the results are slightly mixed. For example, the morose cover of &quot;Enjoy the Silence&quot; quickly becomes dull and seems to drag on forever. But her covers of Joe Jackson's &quot;Real Men&quot; (I had forgotten what an amazing lyricist he could be) and the Boomtown Rats &quot;I Don't Like Mondays&quot; are especially brilliant and powerful pieces of art. &quot;I Don't Like Mondays&quot;, which is about a girl picked on at school going on a shooting spree, becomes especially devestating in light of Colombine, and Tori's quiet, breathy take of the song makes it superior to the original. &quot;I Don't Like Mondays&quot; is followed by Lennon and McCartney's &quot;Happiness is a Warm Gun&quot; with added sound bites regarding the assassination of John Lennon and debates over the second ammendment which make the two songs perfectly complementary, but it is unfortunately messy and unmusical, hurting the overall effect.Other highlights are Tom Wait's &quot;Time&quot; in which Tori has managed to capture all the original's beauty and delicacy, closely copying the song but replacing the guitar with a piano (but of course the original cannot be surpassed), and &quot;'97 Bonnie and Clyde&quot;, which is an interesting, spooky piece of storytelling. This album has many excellent and surprising moments and is an emotional rollercoaster (by turns humourous, political and depressing) which earns it a weak 5.
0/1
5.0
1000944000
B00005JH9C
One of the most fascinating aspects of this movie is its clever use of self-reference. Sullivan's Travels is both a movie about poverty and a movie about making movies about poverty. The more comedic opening of the film points out the fact that however well meaning liberal directors may be in trying to make a film about suffering, there is an exploitative element to such films especially since the directors have no means of truly identifying with the sufferers or knowing their wishes. For example, do such films truly help the sufferers or just the movie studio?As a sort of apology, the movie begins with the well meaning director setting out to experience what it is like to be impoverished after having it pointed out to him by his producers that he never has experienced hardship himself. In a quite hilarious manner, his first several attempts to experience poverty are all abortive because he cannot escape from the fact that even with just one dime in his pocket, he has a fortune in the bank, a fancy car and servants. Eventually he gets to experience some of the surface suffering the impoverished go through with the help of Veronica Lake, then, quite unintentionally, after believing he understands the experience of poverty and is ready to make his film, winds up trapped in an even worse situation.Of course, he gets out of his last predicament thanks to his true social standing, but as a result realizes that he can never experience anything but the surface of what it is like to be impoverished and comes to recognize the hubris involved in trying to portray suffering he can never understand in film. He also comes to realize how the privileged like himself, and not the impoverished, are the true outsiders from society. In another self-referential twist, the director decides to make comedies for the public, which is what &quot;Sullivan's Travels&quot; is for the most part, instead of a preachy film for others like himself can congratulate themselves for watching.In conclusion, &quot;Sullivan's Travels&quot; is both an entertaining and an enlightening film which is still very relevant to today and is very highly recommended.
0/0
5.0
1029801600
B000J58B8Y
Pratchett's Disc World series started out as a very silly (and very funny) fantasy series in which the plot did little more than give him a setting for his Pythonesque sense of humour. However, as the series has progressed, his characters have become better developed and so have his storylines. The Rincewind stories still tend to lean towards the earlier, sillier days, but in books like the Fifth Elephant the humour has become more subtle overall (although there is still silliness and laugh-out-loud humour), and has also started to become more satirical, making fun of society and its faults and making brilliant psychological observations. The stories centering around Vimes, captain of the City Guard, have become the best series-within-a-series, especially the scenes in which he interacts with the Patrician, a character straight out of Machiavelli.As with most Vimes stories, there is a lot of genuine suspense and a great mystery tale although the focus in this book is more on political intrigue. The book is set in Uberwald, a land straight out of old horror movies set in Europe or like the black forests of fairy tales, filled with Vampires, Werewolves and Dwarves (with the usual Pratchett twists). Not only that, but Uberwald is a land without laws where Vimes' position in the Ankh-Morpoork city guard is meaningless. We also get to learn more about Angua's (the female werewolf's) family and history as well as see some developements in her relationship with Captain Carrot.A brilliant and highly entertaining mix of fantasy, humour, satire and suspense, this book is highly recommended.
3/4
5.0
998006400
B000268BXU
As with the limited ed. of Amnesiac, there are no extra songs, etc., included with this limited ed. All the difference is in the gimmicky packaging. So once again, if you're just into the music but not the artwork, this is not worthwhile. In this case you get a book modelled after toddler books, the type with short, wide pages printed on glossy, thick cardboard pages with only a minimum of prose on each page (except for the last page which is a list of factual info about worldwide glacier melting stats, a warning about global warming).Unlike the Amnesiac limited, almost all of the artwork (except for some very magnified details that are unrecognizable from the regular ed., including the above-pictured cover) is new, and you do actually get a story instead of just artwork. In this case, it is a strange, philosophical treatise on the concept of &quot;nothing&quot;. Once again, I personally find the limited ed. quite cool, but would prefer some extra music as well. One complaint: the cd is difficult to remove from its pocket.
3/3
5.0
994118400
B0006553UG
For those of you only familiar with Frank Capra's more famous works such as &quot;It's a Wonderful Life&quot; and &quot;Mr. Smith Goes to Washington&quot;, this movie will come as a pleasant surprise. Dispensing with most of his usual sentimentality, this movie is a pure dark comic romp about murder and insanity. It still is a great family movie and portrays an old-fashioned love of &quot;small-town values&quot; (in quotes because I grew up in a small town and know better), and the jokes aren't dependent upon references to sex or bodily functions. And unlike modern dark comedies, there isn't a single bit of gore. It is refreshing to watch a tightly plotted comedy where the situation itself is funny.The basic premise is that Cary Grant is an author famous for writing books denouncing the institution of marriage who has just gotten married and is now introducing his new bride to his family. We soon learn, however, that the reason why he was originally against marriage is that insanity runs deeply in his family and he is afraid of passing it on to a new generation. Much of the rest of the movie involves him trying to conceal this insanity from his new wife and the authorities, and to avoid having himself or anyone else killed in the process. It starts out a bit slow, but once the premise is set up, the pacing is absolutely relentless, and you'll be rolling around in your seat and crying with laughter until the end. And as other reviewers note, the performances and casting is superb. This is one of my all-time favourite movies and it should become one of yours as well. And, yes, despite the subject matter, it still has the old Frank Capra charm.
4/5
5.0
992476800
B0009GV9FK
What the director managed to accomplish with such a small budget is mindblowing, however this is one of those one-idea films which would have made a great short subject, but just doesn't have enough ideas or characterization to justify its actual length.This film is open to a great deal of interpretation because it is so lacking in any real character development or clear motivations. Psychotronic Magazine thinks it is some sort of message about "salaryman" (I assume Weldon means the mechanization of society). Others see in it an analogy about a man accepting his homosexuality (which, given the rather obvious symbolism of the last scene, appears more accurate to me). But really, it is little more than endless scenes of two guys merging with machines and constantly transforming into different configurations of metal and wire and struggling for dominance over each other as their wires, etc., merge with each other. It is filled with memorable images, especially the disgusting (and, depending upon your interpretation, morally repugnant) scene of the one man (I'm not sure which of the two is Tetsuo!) killing his girlfriend in a very sexual manner (I suppose the purpose of this scene is to show him rejecting women, but it appears more to me like he is just deciding she's a mere sexual object for his own use). Frankly, I think this film has much less depth than most people read into it and is little more than a gore film with one inventive idea played to death.What little "plot" there is (especially the ending) is somewhat reminiscent of Cronenberg's Shivers (an "all hail the new flesh" sort of thing), but Shivers is vastly superior considering there are actually characters and plot development in it. Get Shivers instead, which is brave enough to actually make its themes clear.The only way I could bear sitting through Tetsuo again is to view it as a purely visual experience and just watch it in small clips for its interesting effects (so it doesn't become boring through repetition), but if I want to look at disturbing artwork, I'd much rather go to a Francis Bacon exhibition.
4/8
2.0
1025740800
B000000IHZ
Although this album isn't as good as some of Adamson's later works like Oedipus Schmoedipus, I greatly admire it for the risks it takes. Moss Side Story is a concept album: the first 12 songs are a soundtrack for a nonexistent murder mystery (the last 3 tracks don't fit into this concept: Alfred Hitchcock Presents, for example, is Adamson's own interpretation of that show's theme song, "Dance of the Marrionettes").The songs themselves are divided into 3 Acts (just like late-1960s detective shows) of four songs each. The songs are all instrumentals (except for a "radio broadcast", a chorus of fellow Bad Seeds members going "awwwww" and one line of dialogue) in the vein of scores for spy films, taking inspiration from such diverse examples of the genre as the Avengers, Peter Gunn, Sam Spade, the Man From U.N.C.L.E., etc. The best way to listen to the album is to really get caught up in the concept and pretend you are watching a mystery and make up a story. The songs present moods more than discernable events (except , e.g., the first which is apparently about a woman being followed and becoming increasingly frightened), so you can make up a different storyline each time you listen.Without this interactivity, the album loses some of its strength as its compositions are generally not as strong as Adamson's later work. But if you do allow yourself to get caught up, it is a fun interactive experience.
6/6
5.0
994118400
B000NU4X8C
Black Orchid was first released at approximately the same time as Sandman #1 and was the second major work by both Gaiman and McKean after Violent Cases. As a result, it was the North American audience's first real exposure to their work. This made reading it the first time especially interesting, not knowing what to expect from the two creators, but with their current greater familiarity, the experience of reading Black Orchid is now less exciting. Also, since they did not have their reputations yet, a lot of big-name characters such as Batman and Swamp Thing make distracting cameo appearances for the obvious reason of attracting readers when they would have been better left out.McKean's artwork in this book goes for more of a photorealistic style that was more distinctive from Bill Sienkiewicz's work than Violent Cases, but is far less interesting than McKean's more recent and more surreal work, and with the exception of a few photographs is less multimedia and more straight painting. Furthermore, the scenes taking place in the city are largely black, white and gray, and not until the action moves to the jungle do you get brilliant flashes of colour. This was done purposely for dramatic effect, but also makes much of the art less interesting than usual. McKean himself said he was glad when he started painting the jungle scenes because he was getting utterly bored painting the rest.Gaiman's story itself presents an interesting contrast between modern, patriachal, business-driven society with the beauty and serenity of the natural world. The plot itself is typical of Gaiman's writing, with a great deal of build up leading the reader to expect some great, violent confrontation only to result in an almost anticlimatic ending in which clearer heads prevail and violence is largely avoided. Here this pattern works especially well to contrast the testosterone-driven action of operatives under the employ of Lex Luthor trying to capture Black Orchid for scientific dissection, including her abusive lover from her previous life, giving chase and the feminine manner in which Black Orchid resolves the situation by avoiding conflict. This story is much quieter, more idylic than most of Gaiman's more famous work, in that it doesn't confront you with obscure references and the fantastic on every page. That being said, it is not particularly thought-provoking or entertaining, but it is beautiful enough to earn a good rating.
5/6
4.0
990748800
B0000633ZP
Watching "Attack of the Clones", I was struck by what is so very wrong with Lucas' latest Star Wars movies. In the original movie, we got to experience a great adventure through the eyes of a simple, identifiable character (Luke Skywalker). By the time the story took on greater scope in its sequels, we were already familiar with the good guys and cared for them, and already knew and detested the villian. In the latest movies, however, it is really hard to care for (or hate) any of the characters.In Phantom Menace, Anakin was an annoying little kid with amazing talents which made him impossible to identify with. In the latest movie, he is suddenly older but even more annoying and self-obsessed. The Princess (now Senator) also mostly comes off as being outside of society and is about as easy to identify with as Prince Charles. And the relationship between the two is stiff and wooden. Scenes of the two together completely derail the pacing of the movie. Christopher Lee (usually excellent) is wasted as a pathetic villian. At least, unlike Darth Maul (or however it is spelled, the WORST villian in cinematic history), he is given some lines so you do get to know some of his motivation and character. And Jar Jar Binks, although thankfully relegated to only a few seconds, is still grating and annoying.The reason why this film is better than Phantom Menace, however, is that (besides having more action scenes), character who are already familiar from the first trilogy play a much greater role. Sure, Yoda and Obi Wan Kenobi are not given much character development in this film, but at least you already know them. And Ewen McGregor's performance is very enjoyable, and you can see in him the future Obi Wan played by Alec Guinness. The best parts involve him going up against Boba Fett's father. In general, whenever Yoda or Obi Wan are on the screen investigating the future Emporer's conspiracy or fighting villians, the movie once again becomes more of the fun experience Star Wars used to be.Unfortunately, you know already that all the main heroes are going to survive the film, so there is little suspense (unlike, say, with Titanic where knowing ahead of time that a disaster is coming makes you worry for the leads). And, as noted above, Lucas still fails to give us a good villian and derails the film with an annoying (and unromantic) romantic subplot. And I still want to strangle Jar Jar Binks even during his thankfully brief appearances. This trilogy is still only worthwhile as a prelude to the first three. Peter Jackson did a much better job, relegating the history behind the Lord of the Rings trilogy to a brief introduction to the first movie.
4/9
3.0
1023321600
B000058DG2
...just by watching this movie.Straight to Hell comes off as a purely self-indulgent vanity piece. Like the road to Hell, I'm sure director Cox had very good intentions when he got together with many of his friends in a small Mexican ghost town (actually Spain) and just let the camera roll while everyone improvised. Given all of the peronas involved (including many legends from the early 1980s punk scene and independent filmmakers) you would expect something at least slightly interesting to occur. Unfortunately, the result is just directionless and meandering. Whereas films like Repo Man are iconoclastic and make interesting comments about the disintegration of society, this is just a mess about a bunch of adults acting silly. It may have been fun to film, but it is a chore to sit through.I wonder if Cox truly felt he had created a worthwhile movie, or if he just tried to salvage whatever he could from the footage he shot after going to the expense. Whatever the case, this disaster bascially ended Alex Cox's career by making it impossible for him to find any further financial backing (he only made one more cheap film in Mexico). Talk about going out with a whimper.For those who care, this is Courtney Love's first film, from before she became famous through marriage. Everything else about Straight to Hell is equally as trivial as that piece of information.
4/17
1.0
1053216000
B000058DX3
At their best, Low puts out wonderful music to listen to while resting lazily in the backyard in a hazy heat. The songs tend to be slow, gentle and bittersweet, sometimes slightly folksy, sometimes early rock (evoking images of broken-hearted girls in pink poodle skirts), sometimes almost lullaby. Many of their tunes would be well at home on a Twin Peaks soundtrack beside Badalementi's compositions.Unfortunately, while the quiet repetitiveness of some of their songs is effective at helping the listener feel calm, meditative and introspective and helps to drive home the mood, some songs (e.g. Whitetail) are so glaringly repetitive that they become little more than annoying after 1 minute. However, there are songs such as Like a Forest, with its beautiful swelling of string instruments, that are true emotional masterpieces.Many of the songs leave this album deserving of a 5 star rating, but I do find it necessary to always program the cd player to skip a few of them leaving it slightly short of a perfect rating.
7/8
4.0
991958400
B00007G1UP
SNAKE PEOPLE is the only reason I give this set 5 stars. If you can afford Something Weird's Snake People/Rattlers double feature I would recommend that instead. But for the low price, even only getting one film that is this much fun is still worthwhile. The picture quality on Snake People is great; quite close to Something Weird's, so you know it couldn't possibly get much better. See my review for the Rattlers DVD for a description of the film itself.SNAKE WOMAN is the second best film in this collection. It concerns a woman who can turn herself into a snake getting revenge upon the villagers who tried to kill her when she was an infant. Not much goes on, but this is tolerable given the film's short running time of 1 hour. It is not unlike an episode of the original Twilight Zone or the Outer Limits. Unfortunately enjoyment is diminished by the picture quality. There is a slight ghostly double-image throughout the film rendering viewing uncomfortable.FER-DE-LANCE is a terrible TV movie from the 1970s about a submarine crew trapped at the bottom of the sea facing the additional problem of half a dozen deadly poisonous snakes slithering around on the loose. Way too long and boring despite being produced by Leslie (Outer Limits) Stevens. Good picture quality though for an old TV movie.Last and least is BLACK COBRA WOMAN. It is directed by "Joe D'Amato" and stars Laura Gemser, so people who like their Emmanuelle movies should enjoy this (I'm surprised it is not called something like "Black Emmanuelle and the Snakes"). I personally find this (and most of the Emmanuelle films) to be boring, unexciting sleaze. Basically, a bunch of people have affairs with each other and eventually start killing each other off with the help of Jack Palance's private collection of poisonous snakes. Not really a horror film, but there are "killer snakes" involved. Surprisingly, the film is letterboxed and appears to be the uncut version. The picture quality is okay (it is very watchable), but is not the cleanest, and does not have particularly sharp colours.Overall, this is one of Brentwood's weaker horror collections, but you still get a great print of one great film for less than what most single-movie DVDs cost. The extra disc could be used as a coaster.
9/10
5.0
1053820800
1563896974
This collection reprints the best issues of Swamp Thing. For those not at all familier with the character, it is an excellently written and drawn comic about a good swamp monster battling evil (and is much better than that description makes it sound).Notable in this third volume of the series, which reprints the beginning of the &quot;American Gothic&quot; story arc, is Moore's greater use of social critique, elevating these stories above mere entertaining, well-written horror stories. By combining fantastic horrors to such real-life horrors as racism and sexism, these stories are far more effective than any in the earlier collections at terrifying the reader.In &quot;American Gothic&quot;, Swamp Thing is sent scurrying to different parts of the U.S. by a manipulative figure (Jon Constantine) to battle all of the classic horror figures (vampires, werewolves, zombies, etc.), but each are handled in an absolutely brilliantly unique and new manner. For example, there is a whole town of vampires living underwater, completely shielded from the sun, in the process of, for the first time, living communally and cooperating to breed a second generation of vampires that are more powerful and horrific (the dedication of the vampires to family is contrasted by the dysfunctional families of the normal humans). The title story, &quot;The Curse&quot;, is a unique Werewolf story, tying in the monthly transformation according to the phases of the moon to the menstrual cycle. The Curse was controversial due to its misinterpretation by illiterate readers as being a sexist comment on PMS when in reality it is an extremely feminist story condemning society for its male-driven fear and shunning of the feminine, and the subjugation of women into sexual objects or housewives.The American Gothic story arc does not conclude in this issue (although the individual stories can be enjoyed on their own) so hopefully a volume 4 will follow.By this point, Moore was also using word games in his text more frequently (read carefully) adding an extra level of enjoyment. This collection also contains the first appearance of Jon Constantine, and it is a period I miss. Here Constantine is a totally mysterious, manipulative character whose only real power is his mysteriously obtained knowledge and who always adds an element of dark humour (he is still a great character, but far less mysterious, and he now has magical skills, the extent of which appear to change from appearance to appearance).This collection represents, if not Moore's best, then the best of Swamp Thing.
16/17
5.0
991008000
B00007G1UK
All four films in this collection have very good quality pictures. Although going by average quality of the films themselves this is one of Brentwood's less strong 4-movie collections, there isn't one single movie that I outright hated. And at this price, you only need one good film you are not likely to find elsewhere to make it worthwhile. Going from the weakest film to the best:SNOW BEAST, a TV movie, takes the then-recent film Jaws, turns the shark into an abominable snowman, and the beach resort into a ski resort, and throws out everything that was good about that film, including any suspense or interesting characters. There are some things worth slight amusement. For example, when the camper (replacing the fishing boat in Jaws) is knocked over by a bunch of rolling logs, somehow the camper winds up filled with the large logs although the whole thing, including the side on which it was hit, is still completely intact! Everyone involved in the film must have failed physics.MOON OF THE WOLF is a TV movie about a local cop investigating brutal murders which may or may not have been committed by an animal (of course we all know it is a werewolf). Since it is a TV movie it is quite tame and the budget is low, which is not necessarily an impediment to a good film, but it is all too predictable and fails to build suspense. It even completely fails to make any use of potentially interesting local flavour (Cajuns, bayous or local legends) except for the presence of one bed-ridden francophone. Even the fine performances fail to make this film anything more than an adequate time waster.WOLF MAN is a low budget 1970s movie which was released theatrically only in the southern states. Like most rural films it has a certain charm (local playhouse quality acting and all). It isn't really a copy of the original film, but pretty well everything in it had been done countless times before (in the original, in dozens of Hammer films, etc.) Therefore, since the film has little action, but depends upon building suspense, it doesn't work as well as it should. With such nice touches as the devil-whorshipping southern preacher this film could be a classic if it had come out before most of the things in it became cliched.In contrast, SCREAM OF THE WOLF, which is the best entry in this collection, is very original. WHICH is why it will actually disappoint viewers who WANT it to follow expectations. Intelligently scripted by Richard Matheson (who scripted the best of Roger Corman's Poe films), competently directed by Dan (Dark Shadows) Curtis, and filled with excellent performances, this film easily surpasses the limitations imposed upon it by nature of being an old TV movie (including by hinting at some things not mentioned on TV in those days). I don't want to risk spoiling anything by describing this movie in more detail.With 3 out of 4 of the movies being 1970s made-for-TV horror films, this collection does have some nostalgia value for those of us who grew up on such things, and there are many familiar faces and bit players you rarely see anymore. Other than for that reason, and for "Scream of the Wolf", I can't give this collection a very high recommendation. Younger viewers who have no attention spans as a result of growing up on splatter films might want to give this one a pass.
8/8
4.0
1054166400
1563897520
I, Paparazzi is a graphic novel that is relatively unique in format. All of the artwork consists of photography that has been digitally altered (with added special effects, etc.). While this is an interesting gimmick that is used here quite appropriately given the subject matter, it is not always perfectly executed. For example, the colours can get garrish and the layouts are not always the most visually pleasing, but the effort that has been put into this title is worthy of admiration.I, Paparazzi doesn't have the emotional depth of McGreal and Phillips' Veils (another highly recommended graphic novel in photographic format), nor does it have the beautiful lyrical paintings of Rebecca Guay which provided a nice break from the photographic art, but overall I did find this graphic novel to be more entertaining. The story is about a paparazzi who winds up on an X-Files/Robert Anton Wilson inspired adventure that is a lot of fun to read. To add more depth to the story, the author explains why the main character (and others) became paparazzi and defends the lifestyle pointing out, e.g., that it was a drunk driver who killed Princess Di and the fact that stars on their way up warmly welcome paparazzi until they reach the point where they, unlike most of society, no longer have to struggle to support themselves. Being photographed by paparazzi after deliberately placing yourself in the public eye is a small price to pay for such comforts.The characters are all quite interesting, the dialogue is enjoyable, etc., making this a great read. Those who aren't familiar with McGreal et al's work might want to put off getting this graphic novel until it is available in a cheaper softcover, but I personally found the hardcover format worthwhile. And given the rarity of photographic comics (at least in North America), it also makes an interesting conversation piece.
3/3
5.0
1002758400
B00005A3N1
Gorillaz takes the Monkeys to the next level. Basically, a record company takes 4 talented artists (&quot;talented&quot; being the most important distinction), have them collaborate on an album and give them cartoon characters with a made-up history to hide behind. You can find the &quot;histories&quot; of these characters on their web-site and elsewhere, designed with the help of Jamie Hewlett of &quot;Tank Girl&quot; fame. Of course this whole gimmick wouldn't work if the music wasn't any good (look at the pathetic Canadian band, Prozzac, who did this first), but this is not a problem. THIS MUSIC IS AWESOME!The only member of the band I am familiar with is Damon Alburn from Blur, and with his distinctive vocals dominating most of the songs it is impossible to fail to note his influence. As with most Blur singles, you will have difficulty trying to determine if Damon is trying to sound happy (see &quot;Clint Eastwood&quot;), or if he is purposefully being sarcastic. Because of his influence, I can't help but compare the album to Blur's &quot;13&quot; which is equally ecclectic. The song &quot;Punk&quot;, for example, reminds me of a toned-down &quot;B.L.U.R.E.M.I.&quot; However, there is a funky beat to most of the songs that easily blow Blur's pathetic &quot;Trailerpark&quot; out of the water, so the influence of the other artists should not be underestimated.Most of the songs are an interesting hybrid of trip hop, hip hop, the blues (especially the pieces with strong harmonica parts like &quot;Tomorrow Comes Today&quot;) and British guitar pop, and range from the dreary but funky to the bright, poppy and funky. Because of its eclecticism and the fact that no particular song stands out as the strongest, different listeners will have their own favourite songs as well as maybe one or two they hate (I personally hate the minimalist dub of &quot;Double Bass&quot;). But at the same time, I'm not a fan of hip hop but I find myself enjoying it on this album because of the many levels to each song. I am amazed at how much of the album works well with its many clashing influences. No lesser talent could have pulled it off.This album is also great for both lying around by yourself or partying. While the heavy bass beats straight out of Massive Attack on most songs are great for tapping your feet, the songs also work on multiple levels and can be enjoyed while you are just relaxing. And while most of the songs are cheerful on one level, there is enough sarcasm to keep it from becoming annoying. And, yes, the whole cartoon gimmick is cleverly done and you will enjoy exploring their web-sites.I would still recommend giving it a bit of a try before you buy it. This hybrid sound takes many people a bit of time to get used to. But I've owned this cd for a month now (it was released earlier in Canada) and I've not grown tired of it yet, which means that it is not just its novelty that makes it great. This one's destined to become a classic.
5/5
5.0
992908800
B00005A3N1
I tried sending a review for this yesterday, but my internet connection got ..., so hopefully this isn't redundant:Gorillaz is the Monkees taken to the next level. Instead of creating a fake band out of four unknowns without any musical talent, the record company has brought together four people of great talent with diverse musical backgrounds and fused them into something unique. Hiding behind the names of four cartoon characters whose histories, designed with the help of Jamie Hewlett of "Tank Girl" fame, can be found on their website and elsewhere, are such people as Blur's Damon Alburn. This cartoon character gimmick is not unique and is no substitute for good music..., but in this case you do get great music, and it is fun to explore the various websites and learn about the characters.Personally, Alburn is the only member I was already familiar with, and his distinctive vocals, which often sound like he MAY be happy or MAY just be sarcastic (especially on "Clint Eastwood"), dominate many of the songs. As a result, comparisons to Blur are unavoidable. For example, the song "Punk Rock" is like a toned down "B.L.U.R.E.M.I.", and the eclecticism of this album is reminiscent of Blur's 13. However, the other members have made obviously important contributions to the album as well given how successful this album is at being funky in contrast to Blur's pathetic "Trailerpark".The music itself is a unique blend of hip hop, trip hop (with bass drones straight out of Massive Attack), the blues (especially in songs like "Tomorrow Comes Today" with its strong use of harmonica), and British guitar pop (Blur), and it amazingly manages to work quite well. With any lesser talent, this album would be a complete mess. However, it all manages to somehow work, creating a unique hybrid of music that should appeal to people of diverse tastes. For example, although I normally dislike hip hop, I find myself enjoying it as part of the mix on this album.Because of the album's eclecticism, no one song really stands out as the best, and everyone will probably have their own favourites as well as one or two songs they dislike (I personally hate the minimalist dub of "Double Bass"). But does the novelty of this new sound wear off? No. I have also been listening to this album for a month (it was released earlier ...) and I haven't grown tired of it. This album is destined to be a classic. However, I would still recommend that people try to listen to some of it before buying. It does take some getting used to and won't be for everyone.With its funky beats the music, even when it is being melancholy instead of bright and cheerful, is great for partying, but at the same time it works well for just laying back and relaxing. It is extremely versatile.
1/1
5.0
992995200
0916397408
Out of all of Sala's works I have read so far, this is the most clearly inspired by Edward Gorey. Although Sala's art has a style all its own, this book copies the usual Gorey format with a series of illustrations (one on each double-page spread) accompanied by rhyming text telling short, humourous nasty stories (the same sort of tongue-in-cheek horror fun for all ages of a Vincent Price movie). I personally prefer Sala's short stories aimed at an older audience in traditional comic book format, but this book is still a howl.In this collection are four stories:&quot;The Ghastly Ones&quot; is about a bragging master detective detailing the modus operandi of a rogues gallery of fiends he has locked to the lascivious delight of a boy obsessed with crime. &quot;The Morbid Musings of Malcolm de Mulch&quot; is about a young man obsessively contemplating the many ways he might unfortunately meet an untimely demise. &quot;The Skulkers&quot; is a series of portraits of various fiends not unlike the first story, but the mini-poems are each told from the fiends' own points of view. Lastly &quot;Beware, Beware&quot; is about an old woman warning her young grandson that they best keep themsleves locked indoors because of all the dangers that face them in the city at night. All but &quot;The Skulkers&quot; (which isn't really a story) has a twisted twist ending.My one complaint is that it takes only minutes to read through the whole book, but it is still one that will be treasured by fans of Sala or dark humour, and I'm sure most young readers would get perverse delight from it as well. This is the type of fun book that encouraged me to read books when I was young because it is so &quot;cool&quot;.
3/3
5.0
992390400
0062734172
Robert Anton Wilson first became associated with conspiracy theories after publishing his "fictional" Illuminatus trilogy which he used to illustrate how people filter information from the world around them in a manner dependant upon their social and cultural imprints, thus if you tend to believe in conspiracies, you can interpret most data so as to confirm your theories and ignore info that contradicts them. Of course, many who don't believe in conspiracies, etc., are guilty of the same thing in reverse... Wilson himself tries to tread the middle ground, pointing out in his personal opinion of various theories what seems to be fact, fiction, or merely plausible but not conclusive, and with a great deal of wit and openminded skepticism. You may disagree with some of his opinions, but the basis for them is still rational.Since his trilogy, Wilson has been accused of being a part of the conspiracy, of being an alter ego of Timothy Leary, etc., so you know he is careful. But another result of his fame is that he has been the recipient of many interesting theories from those either accusing him or believing him to be a sympathetic ear, thus this book is filled with many interesting theories not as famous as the JFK assassination. Therefore, while this book lacks in-depth coverage of theories that have already been covered to death, this makes the book a more interesting addition to the large number of books already existing on the subject, especially with its theoretical background (neuro-linguistic programming, etc.).Not perfect, but highly recommended even to those not generally interested in conspiracy theories.
0/1
4.0
989971200
B007PKBUA2
I won't repeat the plot as it has already been done to death in other reviews. However, to put in my two cents, I believe that there are much better (i.e. funnier and grosser) examples of horror-comedy that deserve greater attention than the Evil Dead series such as Bride of Re-Animator. That being said, this movie does deserve viewing. Besides good special effects, one of its greatest assets is Bruce Campbell's wonderful performance as the flawed but likeable lead character that adds something most horror-comedy movies are missing: a hero worth rooting for. This has the effect of also placing the movie in the adventure genre (which Raimi later became rich off of with Hercules and Xena). It is far less silly than the Toxic Avenger (also fun) so you do get more into the story. And, unlike Bride of Re-Animator, it won't ever leave you feeling nauseous (but, the tradeoff is that with far less tension, the humour is less of a welcome relief). Watching this movie is like reading an enjoyable, tongue-in-cheek horror comic. Don't take it too seriously, sit back and have fun.
2/5
3.0
989539200
B000059TCF
Actually, for people like me who are obssessed with strange factoids, this product rates a weak 5, but this game will be less exciting to those merely looking for another You Don't Know Jack.There are 4 types of questions: 1. Multiple choice trivia smilar to YDKJ, 2. short statements upon which each player can wager 250 points whether they are true or false, 3. photographs for which the first to buzz in must pick the correct caption (after which the other players can wager whether or not it was the correct choice), and 4. (the final speed round) matching the caption on the screen with the correct flashing picture. The trivia questions and true/false questions are largely based on rather arcane trivia, so much of the time it is actually complete guesswork (although applying your existing knowledge can help). The other two types of questions involving pictures are ridiculously easy and mainly test to see who can buzz in the fastest (for the former, the alternate choices are usually just humourous and won't throw anyone off). And other players can copy your answers for question types 2 and 3. Therefore, as a trivia game it is not the best and it isn't all that great as a solo game (unless you just want to enjoy the factoids, though a cd-rom of Ripley's original strips would make for a better solo experience). Also, don't expect YDKJ's wicked sense of humour. It does occassionally have witty responses to incorrect answers, but not for correct ones. All this is okay however since the factoids are inherently interesting without humourous comments and its value as a party game comes from the fun discussions you'll have over the strange facts and photographs (the atmosphere while playing this game is far less competitive and more like a shared experience).Some pros: It has great looking design work and narration and tons of interesting facts and photos.Some cons: 1. The game does not keep track of high scores. 2. Saying that it &quot;features&quot; the voice of Jack Palance is grossly misleading. Palance has about two lines at the beginning of the game and narrates the options page...the rest is well done but by some guy with a British accent. (I suppose Palance's dramatic pauses would result in the audio files taking up too much space.) 3. Some explanation of some of the answers would be appreciated at times. For example, a true/false question was something like &quot;A war was started because of a dispute over a cow&quot;. After learning the answer is true, the game just moved on to the next question when I would have appreciated learning, e.g., what war this was referring to. (Fortunately 99% of the factoids do not require explanation, but this 1% is frustrating.) 4. During one of the games I've played it asked the same photo caption question twice. And, 5., it does not automatically adjust for the size and resolution of your monitor's graphics setting. I have to readjust my monitor to 400x600-16 Bit before it allows me to start the game.
10/10
4.0
1001289600
B000059TG8
I have noted that opinions of this movie tend to be more negative in Canada. Some Canadians who miss the point of this movie dislike it because they take offence. But they are in the minority. There is no way a film could fill up with so many Canadian actors if it were anti-Canadian, and Michael Moore has great admiration for Canada (where, unlike the U.S., you can easily find reviews of his books in national dailies and national news programs). In actual fact, the film more often tends to exaggerate how perfect Canada supposedly is. No, most Canadians know that the actual target of this film is the U.S. The real problem with the film is that it does a poor job of imitating a form of Canadian humour, and as a result, much of its satirical content is weak and underdeveloped.One source of much humour in Canada is the large degree of ignorance there is in the U.S. about Canadian culture. There's even a series of TV specials called "Speaking With Americans" in which U.S. citizens (including Congressmen!) are asked questions (and get serious answers!) about such pressing Canadian issues as the melting of the national igloo (which, in case you don't know, doesn't exist).Besides the proximity of the U.S., the reason why such humour is so pervasive is that it illustrates how one of the most powerful countries in the world is also dangerously self-centered. For example, U.S. politicians believe that they are right to impose U.S. values (not American values -- "America" refers to all of North and South America) on foreign countries, including its economic models, etc., while failing to recognize its imperfections or inapplicability to different cultures and countries. Many economies in Africa and South America have been ruined as a result of such impositions by the World Bank. U.S. politicians also seem to have the singular ability to fail to learn from models of other countries, creating programs which have failed elsewhere and avoiding programs which have worked elsewhere. The U.S. also fails to recognize the imporance of many international needs (e.g. the Kyoto Accord) out of pure self-interest. Lest you think I am being unfair, Canada itself is not perfect (our medical system, although far superior to the U.S.'s, has its major problems), and I would in fact hold some European countries to be better models than either the U.S. or Canada, but what some people ignorantly refer to as Canada's low self-esteem is in fact our greater recognition of ourselves as part of an international community, and our resultant ability to admit to our own imperfections while recognizing it in others as well. We make fun of the U.S. because in many ways the U.S. is frightening and dangerous.But while U.S. self-centeredness drives much of the action in this movie with its story of the U.S. government targeting Canada as a hostile country, its satire never reaches such a high level as the similar "Wag the Dog" or any of Moore's documentaries by getting lost in one of the symptoms. For example, its exaggeration of how great our energy system is, while also ignoring our own problems, does little to point out how privatization created the energy crisis in California or profited such pirates as Enron.These days the film can be seen as a prediction of Bush's careless increase of international tensions with promises of war against Iraq (yes, Saddam is a monster, but Bush's war has little to do with reality) and his careless increase of tensions with North Korea. However, with the film's focus upon U.S. misperceptions of Canada (a comparatively unimportant symptom of the U.S.'s disease), such serious issues as U.S. foreign policy are not given the focus they deserve as we instead, e.g., witness parodies of our language laws (what I find funniest about the graffiti scene is the RCMP officer's lack of concern over the anti-Canadian messages, thus denying the U.S. invaders the desired effect, and not his admonition that it also needs to also be in French).To be fair, the U.S. isn't completely self-blinded. Admittedly, while the U.S. has movies like "Wag the Dog", "Bob Robertson", etc., I have yet to see a great satirical movie about Canada or Canadian politics. "Canadian Bacon", which is only about perceptions of Canada fails to fill this bill. It is far too divorced from reality.Ultimately, this movie only has some minor chuckles and a couple of good laughs going for it, but it isn't great comedy or satire and accomplishes little of what it sets out to do.
7/18
2.0
1042502400
0930289455
This book suffers from the same problem as most superhero graphic novels: It won't mean much to you unless you are already familiar with the character and his/her history. If you are not familiar with Batman and his history, or are only interested in Alan Moore because of such works as the Watchmen or From Hell, this only gets 2 stars as it is the weakest work I have ever read from the otherwise amazing Alan Moore (the Bolland artwork is fantastic, but not enough to save the story otherwise). Other than its insights into the two characters (Batman and Joker) it has nothing interesting to say. However, if you are familiar with Batman, this is an interesting and entertaining look at the eternal battle between Batman and the Joker and its underlying psychology, and is one of the first works to note that such characters as the Joker would not have arisen in the Batman universe if Batman himself did not exist (a sort of yin/yang thing). And seeing Batman and Joker sharing a laugh over a joke is a wonderful moment, but only if you are familiar with the two.This book is also interesting for its rare retelling of Joker's origin (again, only of real interest to Batman fans). The only other one I am aware of is from the 1930s or 40s. It is also the story in which Batgirl gets raped and becomes handicapped. Much better than other Bat-crap like Knightsfall.
6/13
4.0
990489600
B000USU9KI
This film is an unoriginal variation upon Invasion of the Body Snatchers. As in Invasion of the Body Snatchers, people are being systematically replaced by unemotional drones and the lead character attempts to uncover the truth. Only in this case, instead of aliens targeting the population of earth, a men's club in a small town is replacing its members' wives with robots. This could be the perfect setup for both a good horror movie and for a social satire on the battle of the sexes. However, unlike the brilliant Body Snatchers, this film is neither good horror or good social commentary.Basically, as soon as any family moves to the sleepy town of Stepford, even the most loving of husbands turns into such a male chauvanist pig that he becomes willing to kill his wife and replace her with what must be a multi-million (maybe even billion) dollar robot. What is it that makes the men in that town so upset with their wives? Why, they do things like play tennis in their spare time and get together to drink iced tea when they aren't cooking and cleaning! Apparently, the men want wives who do nothing more than clean the house and take care of their kids (it appears the husbands don't even want sex!). Of course, it would be a lot simpler for the men to get divorced and hire maids instead of resorting to multi-million dollar technology and murder, but every single character in this movie is so one-dimensional and stupid that such behaviour is actually consistent with their characters.There is no real suspense since you know what is happening almost from the beginning and the lead female is the only even slightly sympathetic character. Personally, I could not tell the difference between most of the original females and their replacement robots (except for the fact that the robots occassionally break down). And suggesting that this movie is social commentary is like suggesting that a discussion on who's stronger, the Hulk or Superman, is a valid and worthwhile discussion about national defence capabilities. The characters and town in this movie have absolutely no connection to reality whatsoever.There is the occasional unintentional humour which makes watching this movie bearable, ...
2/13
2.0
1003708800
B000MWTP5C
I picked up this book expecting much better from Barker who, even with his less serious work is still a very effective writer. Unfortunately, this book was pure fluff. Basically, Boone, the main character, is convinced by his psychologist that he is a serial killer (guess who really is) and winds up having the law after him. He runs, his girlfriend follows him, his psychologist follows her, he becomes the messiah of a cult made up of monsters living in hiding under a graveyard in Canada after he is bitten by one of them, and there are battles with local villagers and the psychologist. This book can be read quickly in one afternoon and strikes me more as being one of Stephen King's weaker novellas or a movie treatment than a Barker novel (it WAS made into the movie Nightbreed). Even Barker's shorter works are more suspenseful and interesting. Still, it is fun, light reading, but if I wanted to experience a B-movie plot I would have rented a movie instead of spending the afternoon reading a book from someone I expected much better from.
5/11
3.0
990057600
B00001NFRB
This is a collection of the first 7 King's Quest game covering a history going back to the mid-80s. Therefore the earliest of these games are quite primative, but have a nostalgic charm to them, and all the games have fun fantasy stories with a wonderful, light sense of humour.When the first King's Quest came out it was at the vanguard of game design. Unlike the text adventure games common at the time (some of which had a few static graphics), here you could see your character moving around an actual environment and interacting with objects. The games themselves are quite simple (basically, they are just treasure hunts where you have to find the right object and take it back to the correct character to trade for another object, etc.) but charming. The interface on these earliest games are parser, as opposed to point and click, meaning (with the exception of movement by cursor keys) you have to type in commands in order to tell the character what to do. This had its disadvantages (at times, you know what to do but not how to say it), but it also had its advantages (there was less room for guessing by just clicking your inventory objects on the hotspot one at a time).In KQ1 and 2, the puzzles are mainly based on remembering rhymes and fairy tales (e.g., you know Little Red Riding Hood needs a basket to take to her Grandma's house), but with KQ 3, the storylines start to become more complex and original and interesting, and actual problem solving starts to come into play. And with KQ4, the graphics start to become more artistic (although still primitive by today's standards).KQ5 is the first one with a point-and-click interface, and suffers from the problem that it is easy to solve puzzles by just clicking inventory items at random instead of by thinking, (and many of the puzzles are obvious at any rate, especially when you find the right object) but the enjoyable storyline makes up for this. KQ6 (designed with the help of Gabriel Knight's Jane Jensen) is clearly the best story-wise, and has some challenging puzzles (save often to avoid frustration). KQ7, the first designed for release exclusively on cd-rom, has the best graphics of the series (even better than the 3D crap in #8) and includes a world straight out of a Tim Burton movie that is especially fun to explore, but is geared towards a younger audience (even then, I enjoyed the story and interesting puzzles with multiple solutions). Unlike Lucasfilm games, the characters in KQ can die and, if this happens, you have to restart from a saved game, but it is sometimes fun to see how many different ways they can die (for #7 it is the most entertaining part of the game).Included is the newer version of Mixed Up Mother Goose where young players help to recreate mother goose rhymes by reuniting characters with lost objects (no death in this one). The original MUMG had a certain charm, but only toddlers will fail to find this one annoying. Also included are both Laura Bow mysteries (about a girl detective in the 1930s), which are fun to play but are convoluted and very frustrating to solve (especially since they are in real time, so while you observe something important in one room, you often miss something else important in another room). Several text games that came out pre-KQ1 are also included (which will help newer players understand why KQ1 was so revolutionary).Most of these games would no longer be worthwhile on their own except as nostalgia (KQ6 and 7 (and maybe 5) being the exceptions), but as one package this is a wonderful buy and leaves one hoping that a KQ9 will come out and repair the damage caused by that travesty, KQ8.
48/49
5.0
991094400
B00005BCKB
At one time I would have recommended getting this film solely to see the amazing fight sequence between Bruce Lee and Kareem Abdul-Jabbar (the only part of the movie filmed before Lee's death). However, thanks to Bruce Lee - A Warrior's Journey (now widely available complete and uncut as an extra on the Enter the Dragon 2-disc special edition dvd!), it is now possible to see both this fight scene and the once lost fight scenes leading up to it cut and edited the way Bruce Lee originally intended. As a result, Game of Death has been rendered completely and utterly pointless and should forever be relegated to the trash can.
1/1
1.0
1097971200
B00004RNFQ
In the mid to late 1980s, about the only science fiction you could see on TV outside of original Star Trek reruns were Mad Max ripoffs which were all either brainless no-budget actioners or uninsightful downers (Mad Max is one of the top 5 imitated movies of all time). I still automatically get a sense of revulsion when I see an ad for any movie with a sandy, post-apocalyptic setting. In comparison to all these films, Blood of Heroes is second only to the Mad Max films themselves in quality. In fact it seems to me that Blood of Heroes might have been made even if Mad Max never existed, so my rating might be a bit harsh, but I am a jaded.What makes this watchable despite having seen so many similar films are such things as good acting and interesting characters(especially Hauer, who is very likeable and you actually care about what happens to him) and a different than usual perspective upon post-apocalyptic, water and fuel starved society. This film builds upon the idea that there would still be a need for entertainment and sports.Hauer and co. are members of a team in a brutal new sport (people die in every match). Teams compete against each other to win resources. Hauer is the team leader and weathered veteran while Joan Chen plays the new rookie. The sport is well outlined and seems real. And it has more of the feeling of a sports film than films like Rollerball (the original -- I haven't seen the remake). Unlike most sci-fi sports films it is not so much about rich people exploiting the powerless like the Romans did their gladiators, but about people trying to find empowerment through their sport and escape their humble origins, like Rocky (only there is no real great wealth to look forward to).Less jaded viewers might want to give this a try.
8/10
3.0
1057881600
B00004RNGL
Along with Airplane! I consider this to be the best work of the Zucker/Abrahams/Zucker team. The jokes don't always work as well as those in Airplane! (although they are just as good as any in the Naked Gun movies) and are a little less relentless in their pacing, but the plot actually plays an important role in this film, moreso than any other ZAZ film, so these minor deficits are balanced out by the overall structure of the film. While the plot in airplane clearly took a back seat to the skits, Top Secret acts better as a satire of a particular genre (the spy film) than either Naked Gun or Airplane. It is also interesting seeing a ZAZ film without Leslie Neilson (Hot Shots, though good, doesn't count).
2/2
5.0
988243200
B00005O5A3
This movie has great special effects. There. Now that I've gone out of my way to say something good about this film, here's what's wrong with it:About three quarters of the film does little more than establish what a childish and jealous egomaniac the character played by Kevin Bacon is. After he is turned invisible, all he can think of doing with his powers is moving one scientist's drink when she is not looking and molesting a couple of other women. While Bacon becomes increasingly mentally unstable thanks to the invisibility treatment, the audience is supposed to believe that the so-called brilliant scientists who helped turn him invisible are now unable to turn him visible again because they have suddenly turned so stupid that they don't bother completely replicating the conditions that allowed them to bring a gorilla back from invisibility. Instead they search for an entirely new way of bringing Bacon back.Finally, during the last 20 minutes of the film after Bacon completely snaps there is a long battle scene which only makes sense if you believe the good scientists' intelligence levels have now been reduced to that of vegetables. For example, if the scientists put on their infrared goggles they are able to see the heat patterns of their invisible guinea pigs. But during the battle sequence they don't bother wearing their goggles for more than 2 seconds at a time (well, okay, one of them finally realizes it might be a good idea to keep them on, but only after Bacon has flooded the area with enough hot steam to hide his own heat signature). The hero of the tale, played by Shue, is also so stupid that, after turning on the sprinklers so she can see Bacon's outline, she stands in a hallway staring in only one direction, allowing him to just waltz up to her from the other direction and attack her from behind (maybe she thought it was one of those new-fangled one-way halls). I could go on much longer about how utterly inane this film is, but I won't.Why can't Verhoeven still make great satires like Robocop instead of unleashing insulting special f/x showcases like this upon the public?
4/6
2.0
1052611200
B00004CQ5H
This movie is well-filmed, well-written, has some excellent acting, and the interactions between the kindly antique dealer and his concerned granddaughter are very well done. However, it just does not work as a horror movie. Chronos is actually more like an unrealistic anti-drug movie.The Chronos device is a mechanical bug created by an alchemist in order to give himself immortality. After he is killed in an accident, the device winds up in the possession of an antique dealer who becomes infected by it and as a result he becomes younger. He also gets a slight craving for blood, but his morals prevent him from doing anything wrong in order to get blood. Meanwhile, a mega-rich man with a Howard-Hughes style fear of germs sends Ron Perlman to obtain the Chronos device from the dealer.Despite the physical changes to the antiques dealer, he never becomes a monster or kills anyone. The movie is mostly about him trying to deal with his new addiction. Furthermore, Perlman could just as easily be after the antique dealer to collect drug money or a missing briefcase of drugs as he is after a device for immortality. The movie barely even gets into the concepts of death or immortality (after all, nobody in the movie has lived beyond their normal lifespan). Thus except for its setup, Chronos could have been just another movie about coccaine or heroin addiction.With that in mind, it is a half-decent movie about addiction, but not good enough to deserve the awards it won from Cannes. It is mostly just impressive for how good it looks for a cheap Mexican production.The director, Guillermo del Toro has gone on to direct Blade II, so some people may be curious to see one of his older films, but don't be fooled: the two are NOTHING alike.
2/9
3.0
1010966400
B00004CQFH
This is the first movie Wood made after Plan 9 From Outer Space, but it is acutally a sequel to Bride of the Monster. Because it is less epic in scope than Plan 9, and none of the actors died during filming, there are far fewer continuity errors to laugh about and less awkward exposition, but it is still a hilarious watch.Night of the Ghouls is supposedly based upon real incidents, kept secret by the police. They want us to believe that juvenile delinquincy is the nation's biggest problem, but it is actually the supernatural. They even have a cop specializing in such cases and are grooming another younger cop (who is obviously gay) to take over so that the older cop can have time to attend operas. Tor Johson, back as Lobo, horribly scarred as the result of the fire at the end of Bride of the Monster, is now working for a new master, Dr. Acula (clever name!), who sets up fake seances (OR DOES HE) in order to rip off his clients. Wood actually does a great job with Lobo's makeup, creating a very disquieting character.The seance scenes are even funnier than anything in Plan 9, and the actors in attendance obviously don't have a clue about how they are supposed to react to anything (that doesn't stop Wood from using quite lengthy reaction shots of them). There is an extremely long voiceover speech explaining the older cop's reactions to a handrail (something like "The handrail was colder to the touch than he had remembered it being that night all those years ago..."). In fact, it is so long, the handrail should have received credit as a character in the movie. And as usual, there are film clips from totally unconnected footage Wood had lying around from incomplete projects.A must see for fans of so bad they're great movies.
2/3
5.0
1012176000
6305827486
To address xerxes59's question about the urban legend:I never heard any evidence about Dupont funding Reefer Madness, but they would have a motive.Dupont was facing enormous loses because their inventions rayon and nylon could not compete with natural hemp (in quality, cost effectiveness, not to mention environmental friendliness). Andrew Mellon, US Treasury Secretary and chairman of Mellon Bank, one of the major financers of Dupont, did appoint Harry Angslinger (who was also married to his niece) as Commissioner of the Federal Bureau of Narcotics. As seen in Ron Mann's documentary &quot;Grass&quot;, Angslinger was an extremist zealot who managed to criminalize marijuana and create ridiculous sentences for smoking pot. One of Angslinger's methods was to demonize pot with completely false evidence throughout the various media (newspaper tycoon William Randolph Hearst, whose financial interests in paper mills was also being hurt by hemp, was a great ally). Of course this is a tenuous connection between Dupont and Reefer Madness, but Dupont clearly had a direct financial interest in demonizing reefer, just like the movie attempts to do.
5/9
5.0
1086134400
B00004KDBH
This album is apparently the last the Cure plans to put out (it's not only obvious from its lyrics, but Robert Smith has said so himself), and is justly obsessed with aging and things coming to an end. The lyrics themselves are quite powerful, personal and introspective and perhaps some of Robert Smith's best. However, the Cure has fallen into the same trap as most bands who have experienced a long and distinguished career: With one exception that adventurously treads into the realm of minimalist ambient electronic music, all the songs on this album are retreads of other songs that were better the first time. I could live with them sticking to their usual sounds (which is what makes them unique and is what any fan would actually hope for), but this one is just a weak repeat. The album is unique in some ways. It is, overall, more quiet and bittersweet than their usual melancholia, and at first I wasn't sure if I was being completely fair. After all, their earlier albums have a certain nostalgia for me that adds to their impact, but despite repeated attempts to relisten to the album and get into it, I never failed to be disappointed by the fact that it just doesn't live up to their great potential. It is a good album, and I'm glad that they went out on a decent note instead of waiting until they became totally pathetic, but it just doesn't measure up to their standards. I personally will stick to classics like Disintegration and Pornography where they did the same thing better.
1/1
3.0
991958400
B000P24FAE
I'll let King Kong explain it in his own words:So there I was, just relaxing and minding my own business. I had just popped back a few giant narcotic berries and decided to lay back and listen to the groovey beats being laid down by the natives on their drums while some hot native chicks danced around me, and I started to snooze. Suddenly, I wake up and I cannot move an inch! Then there's this big flash of light and I find myself wading in the middle of a sea! I was all like "Whooah, what did I DO last night? Those narcotic berries must have been spiked!" So I head for the nearest land and there's like this big rubber Lizard King just spazzing out all over the place, breathing fire and stuff. He sees me, comes up to me and just starts pounding his fists on me. Well, excuse me for living! Like, sorry man, this was just not my scene so I decide to split.I'm heading off minding my own business again when these green fairies with spinning blades for wings fly up to me and start sprinkling this white powder all over me. I breath some in and, MAN, I'm feeling fiiiine! It's just like those narcotic berries I love so much, but condensed for purer effect! So I lay back again, doing my own thing, when I wake up again, and man, wouldn't you know it, there's that Lizard King again, just harshin' my buzz!! Hey, I'm a pacifist, but this dude just keeps laying it on thick, so I decide to fight back, and there's all this flashing lightning and ****. Maaan, that was some wild bummer of a trip. The moral? The best I can think of is "Know your dealer".(Me again): Yes, it's Godzilla, representative of the brave, clean-living Japanese vs. King Kong, symbol of the drug-addicted decadence of western youth and frightened pacifist. Whether King Kong or Godzilla wins at the end of the movie depends on whether you're watching the Japanese or American version.
3/4
4.0
1012521600
B000E81FSY
Each This Mortal Coil album is a collection of collaborative efforts by (mostly) artists signed to the 4AD record label. For example, their first album, &quot;It Will End in Tears&quot; has such contributers as the Cocteau Twins, Dead Can Dance, Modern English, etc. The results are always mixed, largely depending upon who producer Ivo Watts talks into contributing. However, with each subsequent album, the collaborative efforts of This Mortal Coil decreased in quality with the artists. Whereas &quot;It Will End in Tears&quot; is an often beautiful and inventive album, and the second album, &quot;Filigree and Shadow&quot;, is an uneven effort that still occassionally reaches the first album's heights, with the exception of the song &quot;I Come and Stand At Every Door&quot;, none of the songs on &quot;Blood&quot; (which are mostly covers instead of original songs this time) reach the standards previously set. Part of the problem is that some of the artists, such as Kim Deel of the Breeders (she and Tanya Donnelly being the only &quot;big names&quot; on this one), have a style more suited to quirky pop music. Also, while all three albums have a certain level of pretentiousness (something often unavoidable and forgiveable when the artists in question are trying to take risks), the third album is mainly nothing but pretention with little real talent shining through. While listening to &quot;Blood&quot;, instead of being moved, I keep getting comical pictures in my head of things like mustached men in berets saying &quot;I am an ARTISTE!&quot; This album is the musical equivalent of junior high school level poetry: sure, they're trying, and that's admirable, but it doesn't make the result any more palatable. Give the first album a try instead if you are into the better works of the Cocteau Twins and Dead Can Dance, but avoid this one.
6/13
2.0
1004054400
B004SK2UGK
To correct some information below: The Canadian Editions come in either a 1 disc edition or in a 3 disc special edition. There is no 2 disc edition. And yes, there are English subtitles, as well as French subtitles, the original French version, and a dubbed English version. Only the commentaries are not subtitled or dubbed into English. You get deleted scenes (including the missing two-thirds of the first fight scene) which run about 45 minutes if you include the introductions by the director, a making-of which is about 1 1/2 hours long, a history of the true story the movie is based upon, and other features.For some reason, not even the Canadian Amazon site seems to carry this, so I would recommend an e-mail campaign. Why settle for the second-rate edition?
0/0
5.0
1033948800
B00004T3BD
The beginning of this film is amazing. The first scenes create the impression that this will be the best and most original vampire movie since Near Dark, and the direction during these scenes is excellent. It is almost like a low-budget cross between David Lynch and David Fincher, especially with its sound design (lots of drones). Unfortunately, what starts out as an excellent film which manages to be equal parts serious drama and black comedy quickly loses all of its steam as soon as the vampire's slave decides he's had enough and is going to quit. After that the directing style actually becomes weaker and at times silly, as does the comedy, and the drama almost completely disappears. There are a few moments throughout the film, especially the scenes with the old man Marvin, who is always funny, which make it bearable to sit through to the end, but ultimately the last two-thirds are just a weak, low-budget vampire film with some comedy.
1/1
3.0
1032134400
B00004Y2QR
Ed Wood's movies sure aren't "bad". As far as I'm concerned, the only way a movie can be bad is if it is neither intellectually stimulating or entertaining. Sure, Ed Wood's films won't get you thinking, but when he set out to make his films his only goal was to entertain, and this is a goal he certainly accomplished. Of course, just because something is not bad doesn't mean it is great either, but if you judge Ed Wood's films by their entertainment value, they are some of the best ever made.Sure, some of the entertainment value of Wood's films comes from his inept direction, stilted dialogue, and obviously poor budgets, but despite this, his films have a great sense of sincerity and enthusiasm to them which make them endearing and contagious. When I watch a Wood film, I don't just laugh AT them (which is something I do), I also laugh WITH them. It is clear Wood is having fun and wants his audience to have fun as well.And what a brave and daring filmmaker he was! Look at the subject matter of "Glen or Glenda", in which he so readily bared his soul about being a transvestite at the risk of public rejection and humiliation, especially considering the time period it was made! Also, at a time when any actor who was a little bit different was being blacklisted, Ed Wood was willing to cast a known drug addict (Bela Lugosi), homosexuals, and other misfits like Swedish wrestling star Tor Johnson. Later directors like Fellini (who goes out of his way to cast unusual people) owe a great debt to Ed Wood.And you don't get the sense that Wood's in it for the profit or glory, but instead that he is a genuinely nice guy who is in it for his own fun and because he cares about the audience.And what imagination! Look for example at "Plan 9 From Outer Space". You don't get the usual alien invasion story which was being rehashed over and over in 1950s sci-fi. You also get zombies and vampires at a time they were rarely appearing in movies! And instead of having the aliens unseen in their flying saucers, you get to meet them and learn something of their motivations. He also creates a sympathetic zombie played by Bela Lugosi/Bela Lugosi's wife's chiropractor by showing how he died from grief over his wife's death. No one-dimensional characters here! And even in a movie like "Glenn or Glenda", which is about transvestism, he manages to get in footage of such things as WWII Pacific warfare and Bela Lugosi playing the evil puppetmaster PULLING "THE STRINGS!!" of society, and making us dance like his mindless slaves!My only quible with this collection is that they should have included "Night of the Ghouls" (the sequel to "Bride of the Monster") instead of "Jail Bait" (not one of his more entertaining -- its misleading title refers to a gun). But if you enjoy "Plan 9", you should enjoy this box set.Yes, it is sometimes fun to watch Wood's movies merely because they are so "bad". But as far as I'm concerned, Ed Wood's films deserve a place in the Criterion collection as some of the most entertaining movies ever made.
13/16
5.0
1024099200
B0001CVAZ6
What you do not get on this DVD is any new information based upon KGB investigations into the JFK assassination. Instead, here's what's actually on this DVD:1. There's about 10 minutes of the history of why the KGB investigated JFK's death which is the only interesting part of the DVD, but which sheds absolutely no light on the whole matter.2. There are about 10 minutes about Oswald's trip to the USSR which researchers have already known about for a long time. What the DVD completely fails to mention is such interesting evidence as, e.g., the training Oswald received from the Marines in speaking Russian prior to this trip, suggesting, albeitly inconclusively, that this trip may have been part of a military intelligence operation.3. The rest of the video having anything to do with Russia (about another 10 minutes) merely shows that based upon information everyone else in the world already knew, the KGB concluded that JFK was killed as part of a conspiracy and not by a lone gunman, but they still debate amongst themselves just as much as anyone else who did it and for what motive.Particularly fishy on this DVD is a scene, captured on "hidden camera", of someone supposedly purchasing secret KGB files from Russian blackmarketers. Several items calling this scene into doubt are: i) the buyer is originally quoted a sum of only $5000, which is extremely little for stealing any KGB files, let alone those regarding the JFK assassination, ii) the blackmarketers appear to have american accents (the sound quality isn't very good so I can't say with absolute certainty), iii) the blackmarketers have perfect american speech patterns, iv) the blackmarketers, now demanding an undisclosed extra amount of money, hand over the documents to the buyer to examine before getting the additional amount now required, v) the blackmarketers are unarmed and don't bother pursuing the buyer as he then "escapes" up the stairs and into an empty parking lot. If this really happened, Russian blackmarketers do not deserve their scary reputation.And all that these secret files supposedly reveal is that the KGB suspected possible Vietnamese involvement in the assassination, which is completely inconsistent with a subsequent coverup by the US government. The US would blare such information everywhere in order to support their "police action".4. The rest of the film, as noted by others, has nothing to do with KGB files, but instead reports evidence about the assassination in an extremely selective manner in order to avoid making Warren Commission apologists like Posner, whom they give a forum, look completely foolish. Posner suggests, against all evidence, that Oswald was a lone anarchist gunman who killed JFK and lied about being a Marxist in order to get on the news. Based upon evidence proven to be false (completely discounted forensic reports contradicting all physical and photographic evidence, and apparently the altered Zapruder film) a couple of Russian forensic experts conclude JFK was shot from behind with a magic bullet. A team of U.S. forensic experts, OPERATING UPON THE ASSUMPTION THAT JFK WAS SHOT FROM BEHIND, set up a test to determine where the shot came from using lasers. Their first several tests show that if he was shot from behind, that it came from the second floor of the Bell-Tex building and not the 6th floor of the book depository, so the "experts" unscientifically keep altering the positioning of their dummies and the car until they get the result they want. These experts also ignore, e.g., the fact that a tree used to block the view from the depository. One guy proves he can, after repeated practice, while lying down at ground level and with no visual obstructions and without the need to adjust for aim, shoot accurately at three completely stationary ground level targets in only 6 seconds while using the same kind of rifle as Oswald supposedly used (without fully duplicating the wear and tear to the rifle found at the depository), thus proving absolutely nothing. All of these "tests" are reported uncritically by the filmmakers. In an attempt to show they're balanced, the filmmakers provide a few minor soundbites from people like Mark Lane.Of course it's impossible to summarize all the evidence regarding JFK in 90 minutes, but this film manages to avoid reporting even any of the most important and uncontroversial evidence while giving a forum to people conducting experiments based upon unscientific assumptions contradicting such evidence. I don't pretend to know the answers to the JFK assassination, but this DVD is absolute nonsense.
34/49
1.0
1043020800
0930289560
I am sure I am going to confuse a lot of Batman fans with this review and I expect a lot will rate this review as not useful, but this book is NOT a superhero comic, and it would do it a disservice to review it as such. It is instead a psychological theory presented as a superhero comic that will appeal more to fans of Eraserhead than to fans of Batman. The first thing to note about this book is that Batman is not mentioned in the title for a reason. Although Batman is in the book and Arkham Asylum is where all of his criminally insane adversaries are kept locked up, this is not a book about Batman engaging in physical battles. Batman only serves, on the one hand, as the eyes and ears of the reader so that we can explore Arkham in all its details, and on the other, as a representation of the conscious mind.Basically, Arkham serves as a Jungian metaphor for the mind, and all of its inmates represent the hidden aspects of the unconscious, with the Joker representing (in my opinion) the Trickster archetype whose role is to challenge and tear down the conscious mind, often with humour, and sometimes at the risk of destroying it. Batman himself serves to represent the conscious facade (i.e. those parts of one's personality people present to the external world while trying to suppress the unconscious) trying to keep the inmates (the unconscious) locked behind walls. Therefore Batman, with his mask, trying to keep the inmates in the Asylum is the perfect metaphor for Jungian psychology.However, as the artist, McKean, has pointed out in interviews, Batman himself is not the picture of rationality, dressing up like a bat to fight crime, just as Jung points out the Facade is not a totally sane representation of the Self. Therefore, as Batman (the conscious) continues to try to fight back against the inmates (the unconscious), cracks begin to show in his character. According to Jungian theory, the truly sane person can face their unconscious and accept it as part of their personality instead of suppressing it and mistaking their public facade as their true identity. The Joker basically sums up Jungian theory by noting that it is the people outside (like Batman, presenting a false public persona) who are the real inmates.As usual, McKean's multimedia art is spectacular, and noone is better at representing imagery straight out of dreams and the unconscious than he. Morrison's writing is less emotionally involving than his other works like the Mystery Play, reading more like an intellectual exercise, but McKean's art helps make up for the lack of the script's impact.
86/94
5.0
990748800
B00005QAPQ
I give "The Black Cat" 3 stars and "Fat Black Pussycat" 4 stars.The "Black Cat" is another run of the mill Poe adaptation set in more modern times. The only really interesting thing in this barely adequate time-waster is the jazzy lounge club where the lead male hangs out. Groovey."The Fat Black Pussycat" is the name of another interesting (and real) club, which is the real subject of the second feature. Originally, FBP was a lightly comic murder yarn which, taking place mostly at a beat club, was largely an excuse to poke fun at the beats and didn't involve any real cats or much of a mystery story. If you watch the deleted scenes while watching the full movie, you get a good idea of what the original film was like (nice light fun). If made in England, it would have easily fit into the "Carry On" series. However, due to the apparent lack of commerciality of the film (I guess people expecting to see a mystery would be disappointed that the killer revealed at the end is someone not seen previously in the film) it was greatly altered with the addition of new scenes. Now, there is a cat with a psychic connection to the killer, a copycat killer, and new beats who are given bigger roles. The new scenes don't even try to match the scenery of the original film. There is one scene of a police commissioner hanging out with two women which didn't make any sense to me until I realized he was supposed to be at the same club at the same time as the detectives. Also, the shocking surprise ending doesn't make any sense until you realize that two of the people in it are supposed to be the main stars seen throughout the movie, only they're played by two people who look nothing like the original stars! The female actually looks far more like one of the murder victims, who, like the female in this last scene, was also doing sociological research on beatniks, which made it especially confusing to me at first. And the TV reporter in the new scenes keeps getting everyone's names wrong.The alterations almost reach Ed Wood level in their ineptitude, and the new storyline makes absolutely no sense! For example, how does the forensic psychologist know that the killer is either gay or lesbian, BUT only when committing murders, AND has a psychic connection to a cat, all just from looking at a female murder victim with missing shoes!?!? Fun, fascinating stuff.Beyond the deleted scenes, this one is short on extras, but the trailers are great.
5/5
4.0
1037145600
B0001I2BZS
Normally I am a big fan of cheap, cheesy 1970s horror films, especially if they take place in swamps and star aging has-beens. So you'd think I'd love this film. Nope. For one thing it is too self-conscious: it actually TRIES to be funny but isn't. For another thing, whatever redeeming qualities the first half of the film may have, by the time you get to the second half it is so repetitious that it become extremely plodding. And there is no payoff at the ending because THE FILM HAS NO ENDING! Somehow Ray forgot to give the film either any sense of resolution or some sort of shock. I'd settle for even for a poorly done shock. But no, the film just ends when it could have similarly ended after the first 25 minutes.Even worse, the prologue Ray added to the beginning of the movie some time after he finished filming and everyone had gone home manages to make the non-ending even more of a non-ending. Now THAT was an accomplishment!
4/4
2.0
1097712000
B00009Q4VW
Radar Men From the Moon was made during Republic's decline and has many of that period's weaknesses including:1. An extremely dumb hero: His top secret lab has no guards and has a large painting of himself in costume by the door. He keeps his top secret rocket ship parked unlock on an unguarded field near a country road. He gives up chasing bad guys who have a head start despite WEARING A ROCKET PACK that lets him fly fast speeds. After finding the main villain (who is as evil as Hitler but with more dangerous weapons) unconscious he doesn't bother killing him or taking him prisoner, but just steals a ray gun. And although he has stolen a ray gun that can destroy heavy tanks, he runs away from a tank pursuing him. And that's just the first chapter. The hero is also unbelievably stiff. It's as if Bush 43 and Al Gore had mated.2. The villains are equally dumb: Instead of stealing parts to finish one of their evil machines (or getting parts sent down from their headquarters on the moon), the bad guys on Earth spend several chapters attempting to rob a heavily armed bank, kidnapping the hero's girlfriend for ransom, etc. because they are broke. I guess stealing from hardware stores is worse than committing genocide.and, 3. There's nothing but cheat cliffhangers: The villain disintegrates the machine the hero is hiding behind as well as everything nearby. How did the hero escape? It turns out he was actually hiding behind an ornate footstool nowhere near the machine he was hiding behind (huh?). And the good old he-jumped-out-of-the-car-just-before-it-crashed routine is used not once, but several times.Still, Radar Men manages to be fun, sexist ("you might need a woman on the moon to cook your meals"), 1950s cheese. And as for print quality, you can always trust Roan, Image or VCI.
5/5
4.0
1096934400
B00009Q4W2
I give Damaged Goods 3 stars, merely for its value as a historical curiosity. It has a very silly soap opera plot, and is very weak as a warning film. A girl gets jealous of her boyfriend because his best friend's girlfriend wants to steal him from her. So she dumps him, allowing the hussy to make passes at him. However, they make up. So his friend gets him drunk, he gets VD, she dumps him again, he takes up with his friend's girlfriend, he makes up with his old girlfriend and dumps his new squeeze, the end. Not what you would expect from Sid Davis, the master of paranoid, alarmist warning films for kids (surprisingly, no little children get killed by nameless strangers, a problem that occurs in pretty well every other Sid Davis film).The Hard Road on the other hand is priceless. As Something Weird suggests, it is like every single warning film ever made has been combined into one alarming film. The lead female manages to go directly from one problem to another. Just when you think the script cannot come up with another tragedy for her to encounter, they do. It is fun just to try to guess what problem will arise next (you might want to make bets, its better than watching Banzai). But in addition you've got lots of bad acting and dialogue. A true exploitation masterpiece!
21/21
5.0
1065916800
B000NKC4IS
If you've seen the trailer for this movie, then you've seen all of the deaths and gory scenes already, so if that is what you're after, you've already likely got the full 2 minutes on another videotape.A female grad student takes two friends (one dumb blonde bimbo and one male) into the jungles of South America in an attempt to prove that beliefs about cannibal tribes are a construct of racist explorers. They soon encounter two men, running and out of breath, who tell them a tale about barely escaping with their lives from a village of cannibals. Because one of the men turns out to be a drug dealer from New York, the film occassionally switches to extremely badly acted scenes in NYC showing a couple of dealers searching for him there. These scenes have nothing to do with the rest of the movie and appear to be only added later as filler.Of course, after hearing the two men's story, the grad student and her friends decide to not only accompany them back to the village for a look-see, but camp out there and harrass the old people and young children the so-called cannibals have left behind since they are out hunting. The drug dealer's story doesn't turn out to be 100% true, but you can pretty much guess what happens to most of the cast when the hunters return the next day.The special effects range from the very effective to the lousy (e.g. a spear smearing red paint on one victim's chest without appearing to penetrate). There are also a couple of mondo scenes of the sort that you can see on Fear Factor (maggot eating) or any nature program. Plus there is annoying and repetitious music played almost ceaselessly throughout. The ending is nicely ironic, most of the acting is adequate, the dialogue is okay, and some of the jungle footage is well done. An interesting experience to sit through once, but not worth watching again.
3/3
2.0
1010534400
B000006352
This cd contains 7 tracks, including the same mix of Airbag as found on OK Computer and 6 other tracks collected from several cd singles. The 6 rarer tracks alone add up to over 20 minutes of music not on any of their full length albums.&quot;Palo Alto&quot; could have easily fit in with The Bends (a great, relatively commercial rock song).&quot;Pearly&quot; is another enjoyable guitar driven pop song that reminds me quite a bit of Lush circa their Spooky/Split period.&quot;Melatonin&quot; is also a great song that is really heavy on synth, and sounds like one of Angelo (of David Lynch soundtrack fame) Badalamenti's more synth-driven songs (vs. his jazz or rock).Part 1 of &quot;Polyethylene&quot; starts out like 1970s easy-listening rock, then gets harder with Part 2 where it winds up sounding more like 1970s glam rock. &quot;A Reminder&quot; could have fit well on OK Computer as one of its softer songs, but lacks any of the emotional impact of the album. Both songs are good, but not great.&quot;Meeting in the Aisle&quot; is a spacey instrumental of little value.So not counting Airbag, you get three great songs, two decent ones, and one throwaway. While this is not Radiohead at its best (even then, it is better than most bands), the music you do get is quite a good deal for an e.p., and that is why I'm giving this a not too enthusiastic 5 stars for its musical content. But the packaging itself elevates this collection to a strong 5 star rating. It is filled with 2 short stories, a surreal comic strip on the back cover, an excellent excerpt from Noam Chomsky (apparently included partly as a reaction against their near-deification after OK Computer was released, but great words of wisdom in any context), and satirical statistical charts and marketing quizes that could easily have been published in The Onion or Adbusters. There are other nice touches here and there (e.g., their ad for their website: &quot;Why visit www.radiohead.com when you can go for a stroll in the sunshine instead?&quot;). Not much in the way of great artwork, but very enjoyable reading.
1/2
5.0
992649600
B00005K3OD
Price fans can debate for hours whether this or the Abominable Dr. Phibes is a better movie (although all will agree both are amongst the best black comedies ever made). Like the Phibes movies, this one has Vincent Price playing an insane genius getting revenge on those he perceives have wronged him by killing them in extremely imaginative ways (each based upon Shakespeare's plays) while bungling cops (after finally figuring out the themes and motive connecting the crimes) try to stop him. In comparison to Phibes, this film is far more gorey and Price's motive makes far more sense (the victims did actually do him wrong) making him more of a anti-hero. Also, the cops are a little less bungling, which forces Price's character to devise more brilliant ways to carry out his murders while getting past the police. Most of the murders are also far more humourous than in Phibes (although they are also more sickening for the most part). He also has an interesting crew of helpers. And you get to see Vincent having fun playing Shakespeare as a total ham. Unfortunately, in comparison to Phibes, the cops are less funny, the sets are less interesting, it has a less surreal atmosphere and you don't get Price speaking through an old Vitrola attached to his neck, but this movie is slightly nearer to perfection than Phibes.
2/2
5.0
1000684800
B000II1HNS
This movie is okay as a piece of schlock. There is some funny overacting, it has an interesting history (e.g. being filmed on the Hogan's Heroes set), the villians are absolutely nuts, etc., and it manages to treat the victims sympathetically enough to avoid completely offending, but I found watching it quite tedious. The story is about a camp run by a sadistic medical experimenter who tortures women (in an attempt to prove they can withstand more pain than males), and keeps a few males around to service her and do heavier labour. Much of the film is taken up by a rather minimal and relatively boring plot about the inmates planning an escape (i.e., standing around and not really doing anything other than reminding the audience that they don't like living in a medical experimentation camp) occassionally interrupted by somewhat gory but tedious torture scenes and a couple of silly love scenes. This is all topped off at the end by (FINALLY) a silly escape scene in which, e.g., soldiers fall down dead after supposedly being shot, despite the fact they don't have any bullet wounds. It does have a nicely ironic ending, but it is not worth sitting through the movie for.Basically, its explicitness is all that separates this film from schlocky TV movies (many of which, like the Winds of War II with its full frontal nudity gas shower scene, have also cashed in on the tragedies of WWII, but to greater critical acclaim). The few, usually brief, gore scenes are in more detail than is necessary to advance the plot (well, I guess that's why it's an &quot;exploitation&quot; film), but then again the gore isn't as bad as the movie's rep suggests, so if that's what you're looking for you'll be dissappointed. And I don't want to meet anyone looking to be titillated by the torture scenes, but I'll bet they'll be dissappointed as well. So, in other words, there is no reason to get this movie when there are so many others that will fulfill a viewer's need for gore and exploitation, and in a more entertaining and intelligent fashion (e.g. Argento movies).
3/3
2.0
1003968000
B00005NN9U
This review won't sway anyone one way or another. Most people will buy this dvd regardless of their views of this one episode to keep their collection complete, but here's my two cents:I love the Star Wars series. I still enjoy rewatching the first three movies and can even put up with the Ewoks. But this entry in the series is a total letdown.Sure, it does fill in an important part of the Star Wars history, and could be used to build up to a great story, but by itself it is useless. We get to see some interesting political maneuverings, for example, but without the payoff (we have to wait until the next movie). The special effects ARE stunning (although the old animatronics and models still look better than some, not all, of the digitally produced characters and machines), but there is none of the storytelling magic of the first three. About Jar Jar Binks (WHAT WAS LUCAS THINKING!?!?!?): I did not understand how a character, especially a good guy, could be so utterly reviled by an audience until I saw this movie and was converted. To be fair, his scenes during the big battle are somewhat comic, but most of the time he is a complete and utter irritant, made worse by the fact that some of the weakest digital imaging is done for his character. Darth Maul (or however his name is spelled) is an overrated villian. Sure, he is visually interesting and a great fighter, but his character is never developed! For the approx. ten minutes he's on screen, he just fights and says nothing. (He'll probably be brought back somehow and hopefully given even a one-dimensional personality). For all we know, he's a nice guy who likes kittens who mistakenly thinks he's helping defend the good guys (although I seriously doubt it). Lastly, the pod race is somewhat exciting (less so on the small screen), but there are many racing movies that are much better.Overall, when viewed as part of the new trilogy, it'll likely be an important piece of an overall (I hope) great story, but for now, on its own, it fails to live up to Lucas' legacy.
13/20
3.0
1006732800
B000063IU5
Before getting to the music itself I'll explain what you get with the limited edition: fancy packaging, nothing more. This is part of an unfortunate trend with recent music publishing: failing to offer the fans anything more than a new gimmick. There isn't one single extra track. But to be honest, I am the type of [person] who goes for creative packaging the marketers must love. In keeping with the album's theme (songs about vampires and werewolves) Chip Kidd has designed a booklet filled with images from 1970s horror magazines (artwork by Estaban Marato, etc.), including an add for plastic fangs. The limited edition cd, instead of coming in a jewel case, is packaged in a cardboard sleeve (with a funny scene drawn by Wally Wood not in the regular ed.) which, along with the regular booklet, is packed inside a plastic baggie with a cardboard hanger (much like the packaging novelty items such as plastic fangs are usually found in). Pretty cool, but not great for storage.As to the album's substance: Jon Spencer and co. don't always put out great albums, but at least they are always good. This is one of the merely "good" ones. As usual, the songs are much better than anything you'll find on mainstream radio and they will definitely keep you awake, but there is nothing particularly inventive about any of them. In fact, they are more like a throwback to the sort of country and blues inspired rock you could find on the radio decades ago than a return to Spencer's earlier albums. In other words by "returning to roots", he must be referring to those who originally inspired him, vs. "Orange" or "Extra Width" (or Boss Hog, etc).At least the songs are good enough for Spencer to retain the title of "saviour of rock and roll" for another year (along with half a dozen other artists), and when you consider that his music does not benefit from nostalgia unlike the oldies (CCR and the rest), the fact that his songs are equally enjoyable becomes more significant. There is also less of his Elvis vocal schtick which can become annoying after too long, which is a plus. But Stewart unfortunately seems to be heading towards musical conservatism. Some may hold this against him, but good music is good music.
7/9
4.0
1019606400
B00004U0YW
I actually received the Encarta Africana as part of the Reference Suite Package and I'm not sure if I would have bought it otherwise, but I am now extremely grateful that I own it.African history has been a very neglected part of the public education system (or at least that is my experience here in Canada). Beyond ancient history on the Mesopotamian region being the cradle of civilization, you learn very little about the rich and diverse history of this large continent. However, as this cd-rom demonstrates, Africa and people of African descent have contributed a great deal to the world, from its art (which inspired artists like Picasso to move beyond mere realistic portraits and landscapes towards greater expression of pure emotion), literature, music (jazz, the blues), etc.Included are extensive entries on each country in Africa, its political leaders, its religions, its importance as the birthplace of humans and culture, etc., as well as the history of the dispersion of Africans to the Americas through not only slavery, but as important contributers to exploration. It also traces the history of Africans all over the world, Africa's contributions to food and culture, etc.This cd-rom is beautifully designed and has excellent multimedia, including music, films of dancing, artwork, interviews with Colin Powell, Maya Angelou (spelling?), Whoopi Goldberg, etc., interesting essays on the concept of race. Also included is a library of historic African American literature (poems, slave narratives, etc.). As a white man, I now appreciate Africa's rich heritage far more than I used to, and I am sure it would make an especially wonderful inspiration to children of African descent. It is my hope that Encarta will release a similar cd-rom about Asia, but for now this cd-rom fills in the gap in a much neglected area of history. Kudos to those responsible.
22/22
5.0
992390400
B000093NSP
Satanis is a wonderful documentary about Anton LeVey and his Church of Satan. Every neighbour interviewed has either one of two extreme reactions: either he is evil incarnate and doomed to go to Hell, or else they think the Church is one of the funniest things they have ever encountered. For example, one woman laughs about how Anton keeps trying to talk her large-chested friend into coming in for one of their ceremonies because he wants to see her naked. Priests interviewed suggest that what he is doing is a silly passtime. Stories are also told about, e.g., having to put up with the noise his pet lion would make at night. The ceremonies themselves are a laugh riot.Sinthia is nothing more than pop psychology nonsense. Some of the psychedelic imagery is fun, and there are some laugh out loud moments, but it can get dull at times. Suggested drinking game: one shot every time the lead female screams "Mommy!" or "Daddy!" (Actually, forget that. Nobody can drink that much and live).The extras are great too. "My Tale is Hot" is funny (especially when the Lou Costello type complains to the devil "Hey, you interrupted the Walt Dibney show!!"). "Sex Ritual..." pretends to be a serious documentary, but is actually nothing more than an exploitation short with spooky, weird sets. Its high level of prententiousness is hillarious. The guys on Queer Eye for the Straight Guy will be surprised to learn when they watch this last short that they are unknowingly engaging in Satanic rituals.
8/9
5.0
1065916800
B00005LCAU
I believe that Kubrick should be satisfied that the last movie he ever made is this good (although it is unfortunately not his best). It is a shame that it has been largely marketed as an exploitation movie, although it was an interesting experience watching this movie along with an audience filled with people hoping for the next Showgirls. Sure, it is filled with some of the sexiest women I have ever seen, and it has the famous scene of Nicole and Tom making love as well as the infamous orgy scene. But it is also an interesting examination of such issues as trust, fidelity, possessiveness and marriage filled with humour, intelligence and suspence. Underlying all of this is an entertaining plot about a secret society.I won't add to the many recountings of the plot below, but many people who have seen this film were disappointed that the resolution of the mystery about the secret society remains ambiguous, but I found that to be one of its most brilliant touches. Furthermore, this is a far more realistic handling of such a theme in a movie as it is very doubtful that a lone doctor would uncover all the secrets of a secret society comprised of some of the richest and most powerful people in the country in 24 hours. Nor does Kubrick try to staple on a &quot;they lived happily after ever ending&quot; to the movie that would be equally unrealistic, instead leaving the Nicole and Tom characters on a very witty note, merely suggesting things will work out, with one of the best last lines I have ever heard.Also included is all the beautiful scenery and cinematography one expects from a Kubrick film, and he also manages to pull out the best possible performance he could from his stars. Even Cruise's performance is good (likely because of Kubrick's notorious practice of using hundreds of takes until everything is perfect and thus taking a couple of years to complete anything).
2/2
5.0
990662400
B0000A3442
I absolutely loved the first two games in the series, but in comparison, Sleeping Dragon is a huge step down.For those unfamiliar with the first two games, Broken Sword is about an American man and French female encountering conspiracies involving secret societies that trace themselves back to the middle-ages (e.g. the Templars). The storylines are intelligent and exciting with roots in interesting historical facts and modern speculation, and the lead characters have well-developed personalities and witty dialogue. Overall, I consider this series better than Gabriel Knight, although this last installment is weaker than any of the Gabriel Knights.The 3D graphics are nice, but I would have preferred more of an animated movie approach like the first two games, and a lot of what made the series special is missing. There is far less character interaction, which was one of the great strengths of the first two games. For example, in the first two games, if you presented any inventory item to most of the characters, they would have a specific, often hilarious, response to most of the items. Now George just makes some stock comment like &quot;I decided not to&quot; or &quot;That did not seem appropriate&quot;. Also, while the new interface is easy to use, it also limits your choices of what actions to take. This results in the puzzles being far easier with the interface now often giving away what you need to do.The puzzles in this third game are less interesting. The gameplay is more linear. The puzzles often consist of moving boxes around in order to climb to a specific spot, sneaking past guards with perfect timing, or pressing a button when the matching icon suddenly pops up on the screen in order to survive a timed puzzle (or else you get killed and you go through the whole long scene all over again with no option to skip dialogue). And there is a lot less interesting historical information or detective work involving tracking down info. The only scene which comes close to the first two games is the first time you spend in Glastonbury.Still, Broken Sword holds up extremely well compared to the increasingly lame adventure game genre we are stuck with since Sierra and Lucas Arts have now abandoned the series which made them great in the first place.The ending of the game fails to resolve everything within this lastest installment (e.g. why Petra claims to have met Nico before and hates her so much), let alone questions left over from the first two games (e.g. the comic relief tourists -- is the husband a CIA agent or not?). Which give me hope there will be a fourth game, although the series has always been referred to as a planned trilogy.
6/6
4.0
1089417600
B001Q7O5DE
The first Boogeyman film had some great ideas in it, but to get to them you had to sit through seemingly endless, dull scenes. The second film was like a throwback to 70s and 80s psycho killer films where you are kept guessing the killer's identity to the end. It threw out the supernatural elements of the first film, and involved a series of creative murders, each tailored to a mental asylum's inmate's (strangely enough, all teens) particular phobias, and while it wasn't great at least I didn't feel cheated sitting through it. This third film takes the supernatural creature of the first film, combines that with the serial killings of the second, and throws out anything that was interesting about those two films in the process. As per hundreds of post-Scream horror films that featured dumb teens, no nudity and minimal violence, Boogeyman 3 inexplicably takes all the cliches covered in that film, presents them seriously, and manages to make them even duller than when they were pre-Scream cliches, all apparently packaged for 12-14 year olds. You get the usual gaggle of dull, insipid characters getting killed off in boring, repetitious manners (this time in the oft-used setting of a university dorm) one after the other while making dumb choices. There are no surprises, no suspense, no thrills, nothing, not even any tasteless exploitation. If I had something better to do during the particular night I watched this I would have felt even more ripped off and probably given this one star.
0/0
2.0
1296000000
B000OUWS9M
In some ways I prefer reading the scripts to Monty Python's Flying Circus over watching the original TV series (e.g., your imagination does not have the severe budget limits of the show). But reading the scripts to Fawlty Towers, while a fun experience in itself, is not as good as watching the show. The show did have as good of a set as it needed, and the script loses something without getting to see the wonderful physical comedy of the Basil Fawlty and Manuel characters. I don't honestly know if I would find the book as funny without picturing John Cleese's expressions from various episodes from memory. As a result, while I give the book 5 stars for its side-splitting humour, I would still recommend getting the videos instead.
8/12
5.0
990144000
B0000064EX
This EP is a sort of companion piece to Dispepsi that also focuses on advertising and media. Unfortunately it is quite weak. "Happy Heroes" is the same song as that on Dispepsi with additional noise added to the background, distracting from the clever lyrics. The various "Mertz" entries are false advertisements for a pill that "makes up your mind for you" but each lack any decent satirical content and are just silly. Ditto "Black Hole Tube" which is good for a short light chuckle only the first time you hear it. And "Chicken Diction" is a recording of Colonel Sanders stumbling over his lines, not very funny in the first place and the remixing doesn't make it much more funny.The only reason why I still own this cd is because of: 1. the altered Janet Jackson Rolling Stones cover art with OJ and Marcia Clark, 2. "O.J. and His Personal Trainer" (although #1 and 2 and a bit distasteful) and, especially, 3. "Jolly Green Giant" which is largely a recording of Orson Welles telling off some ad execs about how ...they are (which has given me even greater respect for the great artist who was ruined by his refusal to compromise his art for commerciality). Unfortunately, the Orson Welles recording would have been better without the remixing and added noises and samples. Sometimes Negativland doesn't know when to show restraint.
2/4
2.0
994723200
0060951168
This book is filled with lots of hillarious song lyrics, ranging from the witty to the weird and silly and is useful if you feel the need to sing along to some of your favourite Python songs while listening to a Python* CD, especially when you come across parts where it is difficult to understand what they are singing. Otherwise, I wouldn't recommend buying this book. The artwork is interesting**, but is not worthwhile in itself, and just reading the lyrics is less rewarding than listening to the songs. And none of the songs are new. So if you just like LISTENING to Python CDs and don't feel the need to join in***, there is no point in buying the book. Furthermore, if you want it for playing the songs on the piano, as some of the other reviewers point out, it is often difficult to read, and it is also impossible to prop up properly without causing some damage to the spine (of course if you don't care, you could just cut out the pages, etc.).*Not recommended for singing along to death metal bands...
4/6
4.0
989971200
B00005B22W
Until I saw Demonia, every Fulci movie I had seen had at least been entertaining despite (or maybe because of) their stupid, inconsistent plots. In contrast, the plot of this movie has at least some logical consistency, but it is dreadfully boring.Some Canadian archeologists visit a small Italian town in order to exame an ancient Roman amphitheatre (although all they seem to do is hang around a camp fire, getting drunk, playing folk music and dancing Celtic jigs). The locals, who obviously know nothing at all about human psychology, tell the archeologists "See that really old church over there? It hides a big secret, but we won't tell you what it is since we dislike foreigners. Stay away from the church!" But the audience knows from the opening credits that devil-whorshipping nuns were crucified there by the locals hundreds of years ago and their bodies are sealed within. Of course, the archaeologists unleash the spirits of the nuns which then kill a few people in mostly boring and uncreative manners, usually with bad special effects.In one of the only two mildly interesting deaths, a woman somehow dies when her pet cats turn into immovable dolls that fly up to her face and (in a typical Fulci touch) scratch out her obviously fake eyeballs (an injury that would not be fatal in real life). There is a lot less gore than one would expect from Fulci, however.This movie is boring cheesiness at an extreme.
1/2
2.0
1011657600
B00005NOMI
If I were reviewing the first Planet of the Apes by itself, I would give it a very strong 5 stars. Despite Heston's rather comic overacting, the first movie, scripted by Rod Serling and based upon a novel, is actually a very serious and well-done social satire, which is especially effective if you do not know how it ends (although these days most people who haven't even seen it do know how it ends).Unfortunately, the power of the original movie is ruined by the increasingly silly sequels. No longer (spoiler warning: skip to next paragraph), thanks to the sequels, did humanity destroy itself through war and get replaced by evolved apes. Instead, acccording to the sequels, a couple of the apes from the first movie travel back in time (the end of Beneath...) and have a child who becomes leader of the apes (movie #3). Humans start (quite illogically) breeding apes for intelligence despite their fears of being replaced and killed by intelligent apes as predicted by the time travellers (movie #4), and then this new breed of intelligent apes winds up going to war with the humans (movies #4 and up). This ruins the whole message in the first movie about the self-destructiveness of man. Thus watching the sequels is analogous to watching all the characters who triumphantly survived the end of Aliens just arbitrarily be killed off in Alien 3: it feels like you have been cheated. Rewatching the first movie, I do my best to shut out memories of what happens in the sequels.Even with the message of the first movie destroyed by the sequels, the subsequent films are kind of fun to watch for their schlock value with their increasingly poor production values and dumb scripts. Despite this, even as a fan of bad films, I find the sequels a bit boring (the later the film the worse it gets). It is best to just buy and watch the first brilliant movie and forget that the rest were ever made.
3/6
3.0
1013385600
B0000D0YUC
Aliens land in a small spaceship outside of a New Wave model's apartment. Since the aliens feed off of chemicals that are produced in the brain during orgasm, male visitors to the apartment keep dropping dead. The performances are great and you occassionally get interesting psychedelic POV shots of what the aliens see, much along the lines of Wolfen or Predator. However, the premise is not very well developed until towards the end of the film and appears only to exist as an excuse to make a movie about the New Wave.Where the film gets interesting is in its look at the early 1980s New Wave subculture before it got watered down through commercialism and got swallowed up into pop culture (can anyone say Flock of Seagulls?). There is lots of interesting music and shots of club scenes and strange fashions. But what takes away from its power is that it is too contrived. Most of the shots, fashions, dialogue, etc., are planned out. For example, people stand around posing for a supposedly unseen camera (which also interferes with its flow as a fictional story). It would have been more interesting if the director (this was his first film after defecting to the U.S.) just threw out any scripts and made a documentary on the New Wave subculture.Nevertheless, it is a great snapshot of an interesting movement which I was too young to experience except at the periphery. It does all seem quite tacky now, but at least there was a great spirit of creativity and individualism which is still exciting to view.
4/6
3.0
1016582400
B000000M2E
It is a mistake to buy any Negativland album for the music. Some of their experimental noise-fests do actually wind up working well, but this is rare. The real reason for buying Negativland is for the sheer experience. Negativland, with their myriad samples, hold a distorted mirror of the world up to the listener, forcing the more careful listener (most will just hear noise) to question society and its sacred cows.The theme of this particular album is about how there is no escape from noise. In information theory, the higher the ratio of signal to noise, the more meaningful information you receive. This album is about how in modern american society, we are exposed to a lot more noise than signal. Part of the way they achieve this is by presenting quite a bit of noise themselves, while leaving in just enough signal for the careful listener to get the point. As a result, the message isn't as obvious or outright funny as their classic Dispepsi, but this album is still an enjoyable experience to those who want mind-expansion along with their pop.
3/3
5.0
994118400
0867195126
Jack T. Chick is a very strange and well-meaning but offensive man who for the past 50 years has been distributing &quot;religious&quot; tracts in the form of small comic books about how everyone is damned to go to Hell unless they have the exact same beliefs and lifestyle he has. According to him, not even Catholics who supposedly believe in Jesus are safe from the Lake of Fire since in his opinion Catholicism is a false religion with the Pope conspiring to damn as much of the population as possible. Ironically, I believe many (perhaps the majority) of Chick's biggest fans are those he numbers among &quot;the damned&quot;, namely people who are only interested in his works solely as humourous kitsch or sources of insight into a strange paranoid mind, not to mention those who collected his works because for a while they were the most violent and sexually exploitative comics around (not to mention some of the best drawn and written). But Chick doesn't care: in his mind, he has done his duty to attempt &quot;saving&quot; others by distributing his rants.Fowler has, in this book, created the ultimate reference to Chick's works. Included are guides to identifying and purchasing different printings of Chick tracts and comics, synopses of every tract Chick ever published, even outlines of the slight variations between different versions of each tract (e.g. changes in dialogue made to reflect changes in culture or Chick's increasingly open hostility to Catholics). Also included is a paranoid History of the World According to Jack Chick pieced together from all of his tracts (including how the Catholic church supposedly created Islam as a means of destroying the Jews), interesting quotations, a list and synopses of parodies (by Dan Clowes, etc) and articles and books written about Chick, a biography of the secretive Chick pieced together from various sources, a history of his publishing company, etc. And, although Fowler is rightfully critical of Chick and his perverse world view, he is balanced, noting, for example, that Chick also has his good moments, e.g., his enlightened attitude towards racial minorities.Also included in the edition I own was an envelope containing 5 actual Chick tracts, including one that is horrifyingly homophobic, one that is both extremely violent and moving (illustrating both how exploitative his comics actually are and the very real concern he could show for the world's victims), and a couple outlining his strange philosophy of salvation (i.e., it doesn't matter how much good or bad you do during your life: as long as you &quot;accept Jesus as your saviour&quot; during the last nanosecond of your life (so long as it is not through a &quot;false religion&quot; like Catholicism or Mormonism) you will be accepted into Heaven instead of cast into the Lake of Fire). Also included is the Zulu version of one of the last two tracts mentioned above illustrating how some foreign editions are tailored towards the culture they are targeting as well as Chick's enlightened attitude towards minorities (e.g., portraying angels as black). But be warned: apparently the availability of these bonus tracts is on a first come first serve basis and you won't receive any of the 5 when the publisher runs out of its own supply (however, they can be obtained cheaply directly from Chick's company).This book is highly recommended to any Chick fan, new or old, who doesn't take his work seriously (I'd be sad to find anyone who does). Those who already own Dan Raeburn's issue of The Imp focusing on Chick should also get this book, which is more accurate and detailed and focuses more on the works instead of on speculatively analyzing Chick's psyche.
23/36
5.0
997660800
B000NQ76P8
The Damnation Game was Clive Barker's first full-length novel. Therefore, in many ways it is closer to the type of story he wrote for the Books of Blood collections than the dark fantasy he has written since Weaveworld. It also owes a lot to Stephen King in my opinion (though not as much as Cabal), but it still has Barker's distinctive touches making it superior to most of King's works. There is less moral ambiguity in the Damnation Game than his later works. For example, the villians are clearly villians, as opposed to, e.g., the other-dimensional salesman in Weaveworld. Barker also nicely balances scenes of pure psychological horror with disturbing scenes of gore. And it has one of the most interesting cannibals I've come across outside of Hannibal. Not as thought-provoking as his later work, but far more entertaining.
2/2
5.0
990057600
B004IF4WMK
If you want the usual film about teens killed off one by one, this isn't for you. This is a very surreal film that will appeal more to fans of 70s fare like "Let's Scare Jessica to Death" than it will to the "Saw" crowd. It also takes a bit of thought to follow (no, as opposed to what most critics think, the guy with the gun wasn't possessed by the truck -- later events prove otherwise). And, no, the characters do not act in an inexplicably stupid manner -- other than doing something people who've watch Spielberg's "Duel" would think twice about, strange behaviour is part of the plot. There's a couple of weak spots: I thought the gore took away from the effectiveness of this film, and I doubt so many could pick up how to drive a road train so easily. But the beautiful cinematography, great performances and effective mood make up for most of the weaknesses
7/8
4.0
1302048000
B0073LID7Q
For those already familiar with the film: I decided to trade in my Anchor Bay copy of Vampyres and get the Blue Underground edition, and I'm glad I did. The lost Caravan scene which Anchor Bay's edition does not contain only consists of about 10 photos of lost footage which doesn't look like it would have added anything to the movie. And Blue Underground's copy only less than half a minute of extra footage in the film itself which is not found in the Anchor Bay edition, and this only consists of additional violence (the scene where a couple gets killed in their car). These alone are nice but not really worth the trade. But what makes the Blue Underground version really superior is: 1) a fun new interview with both Vampyres (and they still look great!), 2) tons of poster art and promotional material from around the world, and 3) a book about the film on DVD-Rom. And there are other nice little touches, like a better choice of artwork for the chapter list sheet, which all adds up to make me even happier with this edition.For those who have never seen this film: This is one of the best vampire films ever made, and is quite superior to any of the Hammer films, but be forewarned that the reason why it isn't as widely recognized as a classic as it should be is because it is a rather shocking film. But what makes this movie particularly disturbing and effective is that the vampyres do not seem supernatural at all (except for their aversion to daylight). These vampyres messily tear people open with their teeth, like animals, when they drink blood instead of just cleanly sucking it out, which is something any psycho could do. But what makes them really effective is that they are not really "evil", but instead seem like two ordinary women who have freed themselves from all restrictions and willingly give in to the primal, animalistic urges which all people suppress to some extent. They are simultaneously greatly attractive and absolutely repulsive in their freedom. And unlike Christopher Lee's or Bela Lugosi's Dracula, they don't seem to act civil only as an act, but seem to actually enjoy the company of their victims. You will hate yourself for liking them so much. The usual one-dimensional Hollywood monster is far less effective, even with all the expensive makeup and visual effects.
4/5
5.0
1056585600
B00007L4MA
Jack Palance plays an insane villain who takes over a mining colony on a planet with a population of about 12 (who spend most of the film hiding from Jack in a cave). He uses his newfound power as head (and now sole) miner to crash his only interstellar ship, manned by a robot, into the headquarters of the galactic government on earth (actually, Ontario Place), thus causing so much damage that it takes the government all of 10 minutes to make repairs. Jack then demands that he be made supreme dictator on the strength of this demonstration, and apparently also because of his ability to cast cool spinning holograms of himself. The earth government is too afraid to counterattack Palance (who no longer has the means to even leave his planet), so it looks like he'll get his wish, except that several heroic types hijack an unfinished battleship in order to launch a counterattack. Once on Jack's planet, they must defeat about 20 slow, clumsy robots that look like mini-fridges with legs and which can be taken out if you hit them once over the head with a staff. Luckily for Jack, all the good guys are absolutely incompetent morons (although not as incompetent as the good miners who stand still long enough so the robots can electrocute them in battle). Oh yeah, there's one robot who turns good and gains the ability to teleport for no apparent reason and which, for comic relief purposes, falls in love with the lead female (which means it must consider itself to be either a male or a lesbian). Some poor mutant children (they look like Edgar Winter) show up to pull at your heartstrings, and there's production design straight out of Space: 1999 and Battlestar Galactica which could give you a bad case of disco fever.The movie never gets dull, but is not that as funny as my description might make it sound. It's not as good as anything from Towers' amazing Franco period, but is far better than his dismal South African period (apartheid made filming there cheap in the 1980s). The only real reason for getting this movie is out of some bizarre nostalgia for the late 1970s/early 80s or for Palance's performance which is so entertaining that you might forget that his character is only slightly more threatening than someone on life support.
3/4
3.0
1087603200
B00007L4NS
This DVD is only for diehard fans of producer Harry Novak or "actress" Uschi Digart. If you're not already a Novak fan, check out "A Scream in the Streets" or "Kiss Me Quick" (two of his greatest classics) first.As usual with Novak films, the rather bare plots are summed up in more than sufficient detail on the back cover of the DVD. Anything more would create a false impression of how much plot there is considering that what's there is just an excuse to show lots of women and some violence. Both films have the usual fun overacting, especially Buck Flower's performance as the punchdrunk former boxer in "Below the Belt". Unfortunately, the plots are even sparser than usual in these films, so consequently there is not quite as much of the unintentional humour normally found in Novak films, which renders these two weaker.But there is one surprise which earns this DVD an extra star for those who love spotting famous people doing things you can be sure they later regretted. In the case of "The Godson", the target of humour is Hugo and Nebula award-winning author, screenwriter and film critic Harlan Ellison. In most of his scene, which involves (sci-fi?) conventioners being entertained courtesy of the hilariously sideburned and afroed godson, you can only see Ellison's arms, but his face is clearly visible for several seconds and he is clearly enjoying himself. This scene was even shot in Ellison's home which is easily recognizable with the many bookshelves almost completely covering all the walls. The best way to watch this scene is after reading any of Ellison's many reviews blasting some fun turkey of a film for not living up to his lofty intellectual and artistic standards. The irony is delicious.
15/17
4.0
1046217600
B00004CTPG
The story, acting, etc. in Burning Paradise does not quite reach the grandeur of Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon. For example, the acting and the romantic subplots aren't one bit as compelling. However, on its own merits, this is an excellent martial arts movie with a very effective gothic horror edge to it that makes it unique. The setting is mostly inside of a temple/prison filled with traps, wells full of bodies, and pits of flame representing as close an approximation of hell anyone could create on earth. Captured Shaolin monks who manage to fight their way past ruthless guards just find themselves impaled by snares. The temple is run by a sadistic old man who follows the old philosophy &quot;it is better to rule in hell...&quot; who also keeps a collection of dead girls. The scenes where he is painting images of hell or threatening the young heroine are extremely chilling. However, he makes the mistake of imprisoning the hero of the story who, of course, attempts to free the young maiden and all of the other captives in fighting scenes which are almost as good as anything in Crouching Tiger (and far more believable). The action keeps the more horrific aspects of the movie from overwhelming the audience, and it has a few moments of humour as funny as anything in Iron Monkey. But be prepared to see some slightly more graphic violence.
0/0
5.0
1007942400
B00005422B
I concur with most of the other reviewers that this is a wonderful film, but most fail to do Welles' character justice by merely describing him as a corrupt cop or villian.Welles' character is wonderfully three-dimensional. Although he breaks the rules in order to get convictions, he does so with good intentions, making it more than just another stereotypical movie about corrupt "southern justice". It is amazing watching Welles' character fall apart emotionally as he begins to be confronted by the fact that what he is doing is wrong, then, out of increasing desperation, commits worse and worse acts while trying to justify himself with the increasingly delusional belief that he is right. He has the support of his fellow police not because they are racist idiots, but because he has earned their respect in the past and they strongly believe in him. Thus, as in all good noir movies, you don't have a battle between black and white so much as a battle between various shades of grey.It is unfortunate that not long after this film, Welles lost most of the power or funding he needed to continue making good movies and was relegated to narrating poor quality movies on the supernatural, doing voices for Masters of the Universe, etc. But with films like this, he will continue to be recognized as a genius.
0/0
5.0
1012176000
B000NF9DDM
The bad news it that this book is part of a series that was not completed before the publisher went bankrupt. However, Top Shelf is planning on publishing (finally after over 10 years of waiting) the full series in three hardcover collections and will make a slipcase available as well to store them in. It is my belief that this volume here only constitutes part of one of the planned Top Shelf collections, so buying this older softcover version will not likely save you any money. However, if the few chapters that have already been serialized in the now defunt Taboo anthology are any indication, this is some of Moore's best work.
14/17
5.0
1006992000
B0000542CN
This film strikes a very interesting balance. On the one hand, it is relatively intelligent for a 1950s alien movie, has half-decent dialogue, and the characters aren't a bunch of shoot first, ask questions later imbiciles. On the other hand, the alien and his ship look hillarious, some of its actions are quite silly (when you learn what its supposed plan is, it is so illogical you can shoot a million holes into it and a much simpler solution to its problems is obvious (see below for mine)), and you can, e.g., see some very obvious backdrops and it makes relentless use of fog machines (although with an explanation). As a result it lives up to neither extreme of &quot;The Day the Earth Stood Still&quot; or &quot;Plan 9 From Outer Space&quot;, so while it definitely has a charm all its own and is worth watching, it isn't an absolute classic (cheese or otherwise).Basically, a planet (&quot;X&quot;) of mysterious origins is going to pass near the earth. A good scientist, his attractive daughter, a dashing reporter and a bad (but not mad) scientist are in the small English town where the planet will pass nearest to investigate, and they discover a spaceship and its passenger (who happens to have a mind control device) in the moors. The most interesting aspect of the film is that you are never quite sure of the alien's motive. Is it friend or foe? Even the ending manages to cleverly keep this concealed (it helps that it is quite difficult, even after hearing the supposed plan, to quite figure out what the alien hopes to accomplish through its actions). This movie is a fun, entertaining little diversion.SOLUTION TO ALIEN'S PROBLEM (SPOILER WARNING): If your planet is too cold and you have the technology to change it's orbit so it will precisely pass near a warmer, habitable planet, why not just move your planet into a decent orbit?!?!
0/0
3.0
992476800
B00009MGKC
I understand why this movie may be a disappointment to those who enjoyed the first two movies in the series. This movie is far less the typical mystery/horror movie than the other two. While Hannibal does actually contain some more interesting insights into the operation of the FBI than the other two (its internal politics and sexism) and does illustrate some interesting investigative techniques (e.g., using experts in the perfume industry who can accurately pinpoint the sources of different scents), this movie is more of a psychological exploration. And although it does have the goriest scenes of the whole series (although they are few and far between), it isn't much of a horror movie until the infamous dinner scene (which made even my iron-cast stomach queasy). For one thing, it is more of a character study of Hannibal, giving more insight into his character than the other two movies do about their villians, than a mystery. And it also requires more participation and introspection by the audience and isn't a movie you can just expect to sit back and be thrilled by. As a result, Hannibal, brilliantly performed by Hopkins, becomes one of the most three-dimensional, multifaceted characters I've seen in the history of cinema, especially for a villian, and the movie also winds up raising questions about our perceptions of &quot;evil&quot;, etc.The movie is divided into three basic sections: an introduction, the story of the Italian detective who tries to profit from tracking Hannibal in Florence, and the story of Clarice also pursuing and confronting Hannibal. The actions of Clarice and the Italian, both of &quot;poor breeding&quot;,are contrasted to show how, e.g., one rises above her station in life, proving that class is meaningless, while the other allows himself to be sunk into a pit out of his greed. (The Italian detective is a person who Hannibal would describe as having two low-diving starlings as parents instead of one (Clarice).) Unfortunately, the ending of the movie is a bit too ambiguous for my taste, but the journey is very worthwhile. Furthermore, the acting (Julianna Moore is superior to Jody Foster), music, scenery and cinematography is breathtaking (it is, as some jokingly describe it, like Merchant-Ivory's first slasher film). Its only problem is in finding the right audience (one that is intellectual but loves horror). A very interesting hybrid of high-brow and low-brow cinema.
2/3
5.0
1000080000
B00004U2AB
...that the director of this masterpiece would later build most of his fortune on releasing dreck like the second Star Wars trilogy and repackaging and re-releasing his three most popular films in ever increasingly ruined cuts? This film shows the potentially great artist that we lost to capitalistic greed. It certainly adds to the poignancy of this film's nostalgia for "simpler" times.
5/14
5.0
1301184000
0679726489
a wonderful collection of the scripts to the BBC television series. The only thing missing are the animated sequences by Terry Gilliam, but I can't see those translating well into the written word.Even if you have all the videos, this book is worthwhile. Seeing the skits played out in your mind without any limitations in budget or special effects or with audience laughter is often superior to watching the TV show, especially since many of Python's skits are driven largely by dialogue or easily imagined visuals (e.g. the Parrot sketch). Even the more surreal skits can be more surreal when imagined from the scripts.Don't be silly. Buy it.
2/4
5.0
990144000
B000G28GHG
Rival scientists from the USSR and the US are engaged in a Contact-the-Martians Race. The scientist from the US makes contact first (or does he?) and those stereotypical 1950s commies (evil vodka swilling atheists all) are upset because the superior Martians with a perfect society are Democratic Christians. So the USSR sets out to prove it is all a hoax being conducted against the world, including against the US government, by the american scientist.In an extremely interesting twist on the usual 1950s sci-fi movie mindset, the originally thrilled US government also becomes afraid and starts to question its scientist's veracity and motives when the Martians' promises of cheap energy, long life, etc., for all humans on Earth begins to panic big union and corporate interests (fuel companies, pharmaceuticals, etc), and so the scientist also has to fight against his own government trying to put a gag on him (hey, they know where their campaign contributions came from). Even "worse", I'm sure, is the fact that the Martians appear to be Socialists. This all helps make the film far more relevant to today than most 1950s sci-fi since although the "Communist scourge" of the USSR no longer exists, rampant Capitalism is still a threat to Democracy.At turns, this is a very good sci-fi movie which shows great creativity and insight, or a sugary schlockfest filled with caricatures. In either case, it is entertaining and makes worthwhile viewing.
12/15
4.0
1016755200
B000MU4KX6
It is my experience that this is the least popular of the Big Book series, usually because it treats its subject matter with a more serious tone than all the other books. However, being an information junkie who also appreciates good art, I feel that this book does a good job of delivering on both.While I have never been accused of being the best of Christians, it is my opinion that this subject matter deserves to be treated seriously and respectfully given that it often involves telling the stories of people standing up for their message of love and peace at the threat of violence (a lesson less tolerant Christians can learn from).Many of the saints should not be subject to criticism, regardless of the imperfect record of the Catholic church. That being said, not everyone who has been granted sainthood is really a saint. For example, some were mere barbarians respected by the Catholic church for their zeal in slaughtering innocent people of different faiths. But this book, while being respectful of the title of saint, does not cower from pointing out these occassional pieces of hypocrisy. Also included in this book is a chapter dealing with saints who were purely fictional (and are even recognized as such by the Catholic church) including the still popular St. Christopher (of the medallion fame), but I'd be surpised at anyone taking this as an attack on their faith.Since this book is about the history of saints and the process (and politics) of cannonization, it is factual regardless of one's personal faith or lack thereof, but I am sure it appeals to Christians the most. But the interesting stories and artwork are worthwhile for anyone to experience, and, yes, even the nonreligious can find inspiration in tales of people standing up for their beliefs in the face of persecution, including those who have been targeted by the Catholic church.
17/18
5.0
991008000
B0000687DF
In Monster-A-Go-Go a space capsule returns to earth, crashing off-course. When it is located, the pilot is missing. Meanwhile a giant with bad skin is slowly shambling towards a city and everyone who comes near him drops dead from radiation poisoning. Could the giant really be the astronaut? And will the army remember that it has weapons such as sniper rifles capable of killing people from a distance before the film ends?The best thing about Monster-A-Go-Go is its title, there is a gratuitous dance club scene, and the monster (played by a real giant) looks great (but you rarely get to see him). The more scientifically advanced viewer will find some amusement in the claim that the monster is becoming increasingly radioactive, causing his radius of danger to increase, when by definition any object which is radioactive becomes less dangerous over time (otherwise it cannot be giving off radiation!!) And there is a phone which does not ring until 7 minutes after it has already been answered (bad soundtrack). But mostly you get dull talky dialogue between people just standing around and detailed narration, most of it dubbed in, all of which put me to sleep more easily than accounting classes. The film is too tedious to watch without fastforwarding through most of it, even for a fan of old monster films like myself who doesn't expect to see gore, death and special fx every few seconds. This gets a very weak 2 star rating.But you get more than your money's worth with Psyched by the 4D Witch. This is, hands down, THE most insane film ever made, and is almost beyond description (except by giving a detailed blow-by-blow account). It is sort of like a combination of one of Ed Wood's last few films (e.g. One Million AC/DC) and a REALLY intense, bad acid trip. Every few seconds you will ask yourself "WHAT WERE THEY THINKING!" I can't imagine even people going to a theatre completely stoned out of their minds failing to question the sanity of the filmmakers. From the beginning until the very end of the film you will think things cannot get any stranger, but they do! Not one single second of the film has visuals which are not weird or experimental. The acid rock theme song played repeatedly throughout the film is also hilarious and will haunt your brain for the rest of your life. Even during the most serious business meeting a voice singing "Beware of the 4D Witch, Beware!" will suddenly pop into your head. Could this film have been part of some sort of otherworldly psychological warfare program targeting the unsuspecting peoples of Earth? Perhaps! I'm wondering when the invasion will begin.
27/27
5.0
1045440000
B00006CXG7
I was tempted to give this collection 1 star for its inclusion of one truly offensive film with no redeeming qualities, but it is still an extremely worthwhile collection for those on a budget for other reasons.The two films which make this collection worthwhile for people on a budget are "I Eat Your Skin" and "The Undertaker and His Pals". Both are fun films, and the picture quality for both films as found in this collection are about as good as they'll ever get.THE UNDERTAKER... is a fun black comedy about two j.d.'s who run a diner who team up with a crooked undertaker in a scheme to cook up business. They murder people, the diner gets some free meat, and the undertaker gets bodies he can bury while charging large reconstructive cosmetics fees to the deceaseds' relatives. Extremely low brow satire, but better than any of the Evil Dead films. H. Gordon Lewis style gore with laughs.I EAT YOUR SKIN is for fans of bad but fun old movies. A scientist is forced to create zombies for a power hungry island landowner. Lots of bad makeup and PRC/Monogram style low-budget horror. No gore in this one despite the title (which was slapped onto the film in the 1970s when it became part of a double bill with I Drink Your Blood), but who needs that for a good time?THE SEVERED ARM (described in detail in another review) was too long for my taste. It has a great set up and ending, but the middle drags. This is quite unfortunate given the film's great potential. I'd love to see The Severed Arm released with some excess fat removed and cleaned up for easier digestion (Sorry. I couldn't avoid the temptation).SLAVE OF THE CANNIBAL GOD has all the elements of your typical 1970s/early 1980s Italian cannibal film: 1) stupid people wander off into the jungle; 2) argue with each other for a boring hour and a half while various animals get killed for real; until 3) they run into a bunch of cannibals who kill most of them off while the audience cheers. Unlike some people, I don't think nature is a happy fun land where animals live together in peace and eat nothing but marshmallows and ice cream, nor do I have any illusions over where the meat on my plate comes from, but neither do I find it necessary for a film which is supposed to be entertaining to dwell at such great length on scenes of animals killing each other. Sure, when you are filming in the jungle you are presented with opportunities to capture such things on camera and use it to help establish the setting of the film. This has not coloured my opinion of other similar films. But here, e.g., you have one scene of a monkey being killed very slowly by a snake which goes on forever and in graphic detail to the point of complete tastelessness, and in one truly offensive scene natives cut apart an iguana while keeping it alive as long as possible. This is just plain unnecessary cruelty. Resorting to such immature shock tactics does not serve to salvage this film's poor attempt at a story. This is not daring art making some grand statement; it is just people unable to elicit any reaction but boredom without stooping to the lowest depths.For those who, like me, don't want to own a DVD with scenes of deliberately staged animal cruelty (as distinguished from acts of nature) "The Undertaker and His Pals" is also available solo in a great copy from VCI, and "I Eat Your Skin" is available from Something Weird as a second feature to "The Child" along with some great shorts. The tradeoff is that you'll be paying more and will miss out on "The Severed Arm".
9/11
5.0
1053907200
B000PJWBAI
I, personally, am sick of hearing the term "Liberal bias" being applied to the media. Yes, the mainstream media is EXTREMELY biased (just look at any story on the middle-east), but to label this bias as "liberal", as this book attempts, is very inaccurate. Sometimes the media has an extremely strong right-wing slant, as when a story might effect the major media's other interests, e.g. G.E.'s defence contracts (try to catch the T.V. Funhouse cartoon on censorship that G.E. ironically forced Lorne Michaels to edit out of reruns of Saturday Night Live on the same topic). But neither is it fair to say that the media has a "facist" bias. What the author fails to recognize is that mass media is a BUSINESS, and the bias is usually towards what sells, or what will avoid expensive lawsuits (even 100% true stories could cost a fortune in legal fees), and not towards any particular ideology. The reason why left-wing pressure groups sometimes succeed in influencing media is because they can mobilize against the media, although it is more often the rich and powerful who have interests in the status quo who hold most sway. See the movie "The Insider" for an example of such corporate pressure on CBS (it is hard to define the anti-smoking movement as either "liberal" or "conservative", although the censorship was definitely pro-business/anti-lawsuit). Sure, this book appears to make valid points, although they are mostly anectdotal and confined to a relatively small percentage of the media, but beware anyone like this author who throws around overlysimplistic catchphrase terms like "liberal bias". Read this book only as one person's experience of the media business and not a dissection of media itself (where are such issues as the concentration of 99% of the media into two or three conglomerates with interests conflicting with the truth?). Read Noam Chomsky instead for a more sophisticated look at the media.
16/33
3.0
1013126400
B002SJ5ONO
What happens when one of a pair of conjoined sisters (played by the real-life Hilton twins who were also in Tod Browning's Freaks) falls in love with a cad? Why, jealousy and murder, of course!! But who committed the murder? How do you punish the guilty party when you would also have to throw the innocent sister into jail? What does one twin do while the other one is on a date? These questions and more are addressed in this amazing film which will leave your jaw hanging down to knee level.Unfortunately, the film has little plot and is filled with a lot of padding, but where else will you see a film about jealousy and murder starring real conjoined twins?
4/5
5.0
1085875200
0922915148
This book doesn't pretend to be 100% true. The editor Keith even warns to the introduction of some articles that this or that particular one may be deliberate disinformation. However, as he notes in the introduction to the book, most media is unwilling to even allow the public to consider ideas that are counter to accepted dogma and make up their own minds, and the purpose of the book is to stimulate debate.Some of the articles are extremely well researched and beyond dispute and in the vein of the Project Censored book series, like one proving that the Jonestown Massacre was NOT a mass suicide but a mass murder (drinking poison Kool-Aid does not leave bullet holes in one's back). There are more questionable but still interesting articles, e.g. one on how Aids was invented by the government to eliminate blacks and gays, but with some clearly factual background. A, what I assume, is a brilliant social satire written from the point of view of &quot;The Conspiracy&quot; called &quot;Quiet Weapons for Secret Wars&quot; which one realizes, after reading for a while, is about how the monetary system ITSELF(vs. Capitalism, etc.) may be seen as a tool of social control. There are also paranoid rants of varying worth, but the most indisputely brilliant of them being by Shelby Downard which may be easy to dismiss on an intellectual level, but is very effective on an emotional level.Also included is a brilliant essay &quot;Is Paranoia a Form of Awareness?&quot; written by the only person to have published a book about Lee Harvey Oswald BEFORE the Kennedy Assasination (about their life in the Marines and as guinea pigs for MK-Ultra) that notes that the so-called average person is usually in a state of denial and also notes his own experiences with the Garrison investigation (depicted in the movie JFK).And don't place any importance into the fact that there is a swastika on the cover. There is also a cross, a crescent, and other symbols that have been used to control the masses on the cover. The fact that someone who hasn't even read the book missed the point further illustrates the book's necessity.
47/49
5.0
990144000
156097172X
This series is called the &quot;Complete Crumb&quot; for a reason. It is a collection of his complete works. As a result, some people who enjoy some of his work might not enjoy all of his work, but different strokes for different folks. Only the most diehard fan will find 100% of Crumb's works enjoyable. However, anyone buying this series is most likely already a diehard fan, and more casual readers can try out his regular format books quite cheaply to get a taste of his style or buy a more thematic collection to play it safe. As usual, Fantagraphics has published a collection living up to its extremely high standards of quality with excellent printing and reproduction values that will be treasured by fans of the comic arts.
6/7
5.0
988070400
B00005B4GS
This review is for those of you wondering what is different about the limited edition and if it is worth shelling out the extra money for (since it isn't apparent from this listing, and the above photo is actually of the regular edition). Look elsewhere for reviews of the music (which is excellent).There is not a second of additional music in the limited edition. No hidden tracks, remixes, etc. Just the exact same musical content on the exact same cd (except it is printed in Europe). The only difference is in the packaging.With the limited edition import, the cd comes inside of a bright red hardcover book. This book is basically the same one pictured on the cover of the regular edition (without the wear and tear). The book has a dimension approximately four times the size of the one depicted on the cover of the regular edition (the actual cd booklet, not the photo above).Attached to the inside front cover of the book is a library jacket which contains a sign-out card and is also used to hold the cd. The remainder of the book reprints all of the artwork from the regular edition's booklet, with the exception of the last page (which lists the recording credits), but at a larger size, with the sides cropped to various degrees to allow for the book's different shape (but, consequently, there are sometimes details visible at the top and bottom of each page of artwork that gets cut out of the regular ed.'s booklet). The artwork underneath the cd tray in the regular ed. is also reprinted as one of the pages, and there are four additional pages of artwork nowhere to be found in the regular ed.So is it worthwhile? Only if you want to get an interesting collectible or invest in something that might increase in value, or if you are a huge fan of the artwork on Radiohead's other albums such as Kid A and OK Computer. Personally, I found it to be quite cool, but I wish there was also bonus music.
88/90
5.0
991872000
0943151031
A lot of gothic humour comics have been flooding the market recently, but Lenore is one of the best. Lenore is basically about a dead little girl who neither ages nor matures and is filled with oodles of innocent curiousity about the world around her. This often leads her to do gross things (she has had a long line of dead pet cats), and she is very amoral in her childlike innocence, but she is so damn cute you just can't help but forgive her for the sick things she does. Seeing her throw a tea party and invite all the nearby walking-dead or doing a happy little dance at a funeral will leave your mind conflicted over whether you should retch or sigh. And unlike most recent goth comics, this one doesn't take itself at all seriously. Not great art or literature (Gorey and Sala still reign supreme at dark humour comics), but a fun little diversion.
9/11
4.0
990748800
0943151090
This book is filled with cute little horror-edged original poems and illustrations by the creator of the Lenore comic book. To give you an idea, the poems are along the line of the old song about the Old Woman Who Swallowed a Fly most people got to sing in Kindergarten. I definitely had fun reading it, but unlike Lenore there were no laugh-out-loud moments. I would have prefered it if the poems were more profusely illustrated in comic-book style instead of just containing one or two accompanying drawings encompassing the whole narrative of each poem. For example, imagine only getting a picture of the Old Woman swallowing the fly, but not the pay-off of her exploding after swallowing a horse. Dirge's ability to draw illustrations that are equally gross, cute and funny is not used to full effect here. Dirge is far more funny when he is writing his character Lenore instead of trying to produce third-rate Edward Gorey. Buy Lenore instead or stick to artists like Gorey.
7/12
3.0
990748800
B002WAKV32
Imagine someone like David Lynch being hired to make the next James Bond film. That is analogous to what happened with Alphaville. Alphaville is part of a series of movies starring the character Lemmy Caution which was popular in France. But instead of churning out more of the Sam Spade/Humphrey Bogart inspired film noir typical of the series, Godard made something completely unique.All the same themes of traditional film noir are found in this movie. However instead of having the hero trying to maintain his sense of morality after falling for an amoral woman, the hero in Alphaville instead encounters a whole society which is amoral. And instead of just solving a crime, Lemmy Caution challenges a whole system of thought.Lemmy drives in his Ford Galaxie to Alphaville, another planet which is ruled by a computer obeyed without question, and which is an interesting blend of the (then) past and the future, although the film also clearly takes place in the late 1950s. His mission is to either capture the scientist who invented the computer and bring him back to the &quot;exterior&quot;, or else kill him. Lemmy soon encounters a society that is completely amoral because it follows the dictatorship of logic. Individuality is subsumed by the needs of the community. The word &quot;love&quot; is no longer understood, partly because it is no longer listed in the Bible/Dictionary which is constantly being revised. Nor do the people understand the word &quot;why&quot; because they do not question the logic of the computer which controls every aspect of their lives.Of course, as is typical with noir, Lemmy falls in love with the scientist's daughter, and his mission becomes secondary to his relationship. However, also as is typical, it is this relationship which helps Lemmy succeed in his mission.Interspersed with the action are interesting philosophical speeches by the computer. The computer develops an interest in Lemmy because it is confused by him and his alien concepts, resulting in interesting conversations. Eventually Lemmy triumphs over the coldly logical society of Alphaville by introducing eternal concepts like love and happiness which exist beyond cold logic into the system, much like how Sam Spade defeats scheming females through a display of tenderness and his adherence to his own morals. Thus even while Alphaville's portrayal of post-war society is in many ways grimmer and less individual than most film noir, Lemmy's triumph is far more complete than any of Sam Spade's because his victory goes beyond mere personal triumph of his own moral principles by redeeming society.Filled with great sets, photography and acting, and some wonderful surreal touches, this film is an interesting optimistic alternative to Orwell's 1984, and should be enjoyed by any serious fan of science fiction or film noir, or of just plain great filmmaking.
5/7
5.0
1010448000
B0000A4F0R
This game completely fails to measure up to the rest of the NOLF series. For one thing, this game is way too linear (even the original Castle Wolfenstein gave players more choice). Throughout every level you are herded in one direction. There is absolutely no possibility of strategically using alternate approaches. For example, you'll be following a hallway filled with barrels and other junk. As soon as you reach a specific point, a certain number of enemies will suddenly rush around the corner knowing exactly where you are, then it is just a matter of engaging in a shoot out.Like NOLF 2, there is a button for sneaking, but it is absolutely useless. Since baddies know exactly where you are once you reach the magic point in the hallway/street/etc., any attempt at sneaking doesn't matter. Since you can't sneak up on baddies or eavesdrop, there are very few conversations to listen in on (all but one take place over announcement systems). As a result, much of the humour (except for a few in-jokes) which made the previous games so much fun are missing.The only plusses are that the graphics are stunning and the AI is quite good. But considering how short and repetitious it all is (basically holding down the firing key as you run down halls, shooting at loads of interchangeable badies), I cannot give it a good rating. Those more into shoot-em-up games with no stealth or strategy might enjoy it a bit more, but I doubt very much more.
5/5
2.0
1090627200
B00073HH92
OK. So all these years everyone thought that Osama Bin Laden, an insane Islamic extremist who considers, e.g., Christianity and secularism to be a blight upon the world, hated the guts of Saddam Hussein because Iraq had a completely secular government with, e.g., Christians in high-ranking positions (not that they treated every religion well in Iraq, but they were far better than, say, Saudi Arabia). But Hayes has proof that this was all just an act the two carefully orchestrated over the years in between their insane rants. Why does Hayes believe this? Because someone in the White House wrote a self-serving memo suggesting that Osama and Hussein were POSSIBLY allies after stretching flimsy evidence in a manner that US intelligence agencies completely rejected. Frankly, Rumsfeld does a better job in his attempts to redefine the word &quot;torture&quot;. And never mind the fact that Al-Qaeda has become more active in Iraq since Saddam was kicked out, or the fact that almost every 9/11 hijacker came from Saudi Arabia. It was all Iraq's fault, and the fact that the Bush family has strong business ties with Saudi Arabia has nothing to do with the fact that Iraq was chosen as the location of the Bush Doctrine's gala showcase. And to give you a good idea of Hayes' sophisticated knowledge of all things Middle-East: he publically stated that he believes that Iran has never used or possessed any illegal WMDs.Hayes should stick to writing books about how Christine Aguillera and Kelly Osborne are the very superduperest bestest of friends (Vanilla Ice said so! Shhhh! I've got it right here in a letter he wrote to Eminem!).
32/93
1.0
1087776000
B000009QU9
This is a collection of sacred songs in Latin originally composed by Von Bingen, a medieval nun, to be sung a cappella, but with instrumentation, etc, added by director David Lynch.Music that is so strongly dependant upon vocals requires an extraordinary vocalist. Jocelyn Montgomery, who left Miranda Sex Garden before it became a self-parody, does have a great voice and really hits the notes (in the multimedia presentation on this disc, one person pointing to the readout on a sound monitor notes that her voice is a perfect sine wave). Unfortunately, while her performance is often technically perfect, it often is TOO technical and lacks real heart (a good pop culture analogy is Data's attempts to perform music on Star Trek). Of course, given the strength of the source material, the emotions still come through, but not as strongly as they could. Furthermore, while I don't object to Lynch tweaking around with the Von Bingen's arrangements to make it more accessible to a wider modern audience (the concept that there is only one right way to perform a piece is a modern construct arising from the recording industry -- conductors, etc., are almost as important as the composer in interpreting any piece) his changes do sometimes interfere with the simple beauty of Von Bingen's compositions and enters the realm of the overdramatic. As a result, this cd doesn't have quite the soul that more serious listeners might prefer even while it lacks enough pop appeal to turn on a very large new audience.Not a bad album, and not as stuffy as most Von Bingen collections, but still disappointing.
11/18
3.0
1004054400
B00000JFUY
The Ramones have always been, in my opinion, the archetypal rock band (producing simple, catchy songs heavy on guitars but low on chords, always touring, putting on the best shows and never making much money, etc.) but I've always had mixed feelings about them. On the one hand they (and their music) were an important part of my formative years (and their hits have held up better than anyone else's from that period), and I LOVED some of their songs. But, on the other hand, I could never get into them enough to buy anything but Ramones Mania (their early greatest hits album), but that became unsatisfying since it lacked some of the later songs that I also greatly enjoyed. But now with this anthology, a vacuum has been filled.With over 2 1/2 hours of music, Hey Hey contains about 99.99% of their good songs. Unfortunately there are a couple of songs excluded that I wished were in this collection (their covers of Do Ya Wanna Dance and Time Has Come Today) and there are other songs I could easily have lived without. Of course many other wishy washy fans like myself might have their own list of songs they would have preferred included, but this anthology is all I will ever feel the need to really own of the Ramones. For the more diehard fans, the songs are excellently remastered by Rhino and there is a highly entertaining 80 page hardcover book outlining the history of the band and their major influence on music, especially punk, as well as rare photos and commentaries on each of the songs in this collection which actually add to the songs' depth.This collection now has a permanent place in my car so I can slip it in the cd player anytime I feel like rocking out while driving, after all there is so little real rock on the radio anymore and even excellent bands like Radiohead are not the best for cruising. This collection is a fun, sonic shot in the arm and brings back many great memories.
5/6
5.0
1000684800
6304187246
This is a mediocre gothic thriller about a woman learning secrets about her boyfriend's past while visiting his boyhood home (the type of thing satirized in Arsenic and Old Lace). It has a certain nostalgic charm that makes it more interesting to watch than most modern low-budget horrors. The only reason this movie still gets attention, however, is because of its &quot;Psycho-Rama&quot; gimmick.For those wondering what Psycho-Rama is, during the so-called &quot;scary&quot; scenes, drawings of Mr. Hyde-like faces or short &quot;scary&quot; messages are flashed on the screen just long enough for the viewer to make them out. This process was satirized on an episode of South Park where they flashed photos of Barbara Striesand during scary scenes. This effect is supposed to subliminally activate the fear centres of the brain, increasing the viewer's reaction to the &quot;scary&quot; scenes. The filmmakers even originally added warnings to their ads for people with heart conditions that the stress caused by this process might give them heart attacks.Not long after this film came out, a controversy arose about the use of subliminals in movie theatres centered around pictures of soda drinks or food flashed on the screen during movies in order to make patrons hungry or thirsty so they will rush to the snack counter for overpriced products. Actually, a person who is not already thirsty cannot be made thirsty as a result of subliminals (the pictures can only make a person more aware of their existing thirst), nor will they make a person willing to pay more for a drink. Nor can a person be made frightened by subliminals unless the images are actually frightening. Thus the panic about the use of subliminals giving people heart attacks or turning them into consumer mind-slaves was unwarranted, but that didn't stop laws banning such practices.Unfortunately, since the process does not work, the film remains unfrightening and even the novelty of the gimmick wears off after you've seen the same drawings and messages flashed a dozen or so times.
3/3
3.0
1017878400
B000BPK2H0
Hell's Angels 69 is essentially a stereotypical caper movie in which a couple of protagonists try to pull off a heist but things go seriously wrong. Only in this case the main mistake they make is upsetting members of the Hells Angels. Using real bikers, this film had great potential, but it fails on all counts.Hell's Angels TRIES to be a deeply serious film, but unlike artistically good caper films (e.g. The Asphalt Jungle or The Killing) all the characters are one-dimensional and absolutely nobody is in the least bit likeable, nor are any insights provided. And because it tries so hard to be serious and weighty, the film commits the even worse crime of being no fun at all. It doesn't even work as an unintentional comedy. In other words, Hell's Angels 69 is nothing more than a dreary, pretentious, existentialist film about the dangers of greed and hubris. NOT a good adventure film or biker flick. Get Wild Angels (which manages to be both fun and dramatic) instead.
3/11
2.0
1090540800
0922915229
Where other reporters are afraid of letting their opinions be known, Adam Parfrey, in his exploration of the fringes of society, is fearless. At times he does seem a bit mean, but come on, he is printing what everyone is thinking! Included in this collection are tongue-in-cheek reports on women sexually obsessed with Elvis, the history of big-eyed waif velvet paintings, the Unarians (who prophesized that the Space Brothers would land in their UFOs and save the world in 2000 -- are they still around?), Bo Gritz (the man who Rambo is based upon) and, yes, a group that encourages the empowerment of the handicapped through sex. There are other articles on various charlatans and conspiracy theories,including an excellent one on Waco (Fact: did you know that every ATF agent killed at Waco worked as security for Bill Clinton while he was governor?!?). My personal favourite is an interview with Shelby Downard, my all-time favourite &quot;paranoid&quot; (I can't wait until his collected works are released in 2002 by Feral House!).
1/1
5.0
990489600
0922915288
I do not agree with everything is this book. For example, while I do agree that False Memory Syndrome has been abused in order to cover up real crimes, false memories have also been used to convict innocent people. I have a degree in psychology and the main reason I decided not to go into the profession is because of my disgust with much of it, including its many manufactured "diseases". However, there is still much that is valid with the profession and I have witnessed people being given indisputably false memories under experimental conditions. But this, of course, does not mean every memory is false (in fact, this supports his overall thesis). One has to be careful in criticizing anything with too broad a brush stroke.That being said, this is a very thoroughly researched book on the history of mind control experiments, especially in the U.S., with references to, e.g., articles written by Nobel Prize recipients. This book blows the lid off of violations of human rights committed by the U.S. government and others, adding to the damage done by the CIA's already damning public admissions about their MK-Ultra program (and only about 5% of the MK-Ultra files avoided destruction in an attempted coverup before it was discovered by the public!). Even if you reject half of the data and conclusions in this book, what is left is not only extremely informative but terrifying.It is clear from Alex Constantine's writing that he is not a sensationalist, but is genuinely outraged at the injustices committed by the government and wishes to expose them. While this quest may, in my opinion, at times blind him when he is assessing his data, much of it is indisputable and I consider him to be a courageous advocate for the freedom and dignity of human beings and not a charlatan or a phony like many other authors.
83/88
5.0
990489600
B00006FMBN
"Dracula the Dirty Old Man", which is probably the worst film I've seen since "Saving Private Ryan", gets only 1 star. A lame looking vampire who can turn himself into a rubber bat stuck on the end of a stick lures a reporter to his cave and magically turns him into a werewolf (a cheap rubber mask that looks more like a rat than a wolf). He then sends the wererat out to kidnap women. The same basic sequence gets repeated several times: the wererat locates a woman, kills any boyfriend who gets in the way, then before he can even perform his duties, the vampire just teleports the woman to his cave, leaving the viewer to wonder why he went to the trouble of creating a wererat in the first place. The vampire then molests and kills his newest female aquisition. Repeat 3 or 4 times, until the vampire gets interested in the reporter's girlfriend. This leads to a fight between the two.The filmmakers obviously realized how terrible the film was, so they badly dubbed all but two brief scenes with "comic" dialogue in phoney accents. So now instead of just being boring, the film becomes truly offensive, treating such subjects as rape as humourous. Not worth the few chuckles you get from the bad f/x. This film deserves to become lost.The short extras are just boring and unfunny.The 4 stars is for "Guess What Happened...". Filmed largely at the famous Magic Castle, this early 1970s wonder is about Dracula after he's transformed himself into a swinging geek called "Count Adrian" in order to escape the communists, and now runs a theme restaurant in LA with some kooky sidekicks. He's actually the good guy in this, and the villain is his new love's ex-boyfriend, an egomaniacal TV actor ("You can't defeat me! I have my own TV series!"). The battle between Count Adrian and another vampire with very bad facial skin for supreme control of the restaurant is one of the funniest things I've ever seen, although I think its supposed to be one of the film's more serious moments.So only one good film and a few decent trailers on this one. Just try to pretend "Dirty Old Man" isn't on the same disc.
17/19
4.0
1039219200
0844222526
This book is part of a genre of cautionary tales that was big in Europe, especially Germany, around the turn of the century that had its roots in fairy tales (the REAL ones, told by old wives living in dark forests, not those that were collected and sanitized by Perault, Disney, et al.) What distinguishes these stories from more traditional fairy tales is that punishment is not meted out by supernatural forces or angry Kings. Instead, the characters meet their just desserts as the result of some sort of irony. Like most books in this genre, Max and Moritz begins by accounting the cruelties committed by a couple of sociopathic children in cute rhyming verse (adding to its effect) with accompanying illustrations, then towards the end shows how their actions backfire, leading to their own horrible demise. Although these books were innocently meant to scare children into behaving, the ironic nature of the villians' demise actually suggests that they are not being punished for their actions, but are just victims of a cruel, chaotic world themselves. If only they put more thought into their cruelty, they could have gotten away with it. However, this is the reflection of an adult. As a child, this book both fascinated and scared the (...) out of me, making it far more effective than any fairy tale.This book is of particular interest because the characters of Max and Moritz are the clear inspirations behind the Katzenjammer Kids, a newspaper comic strip that was popular throughout much of the 20th century. This book is considered a classic of this genre.
10/13
5.0
1005004800
B00005AM5P
Despite the involvement of John Carpenter (who REFUSED to direct the film -- he probably knew even he couldn't save it), this film is yet another brainless, run of the mill slasher film. While the first film managed to create suspense, get you involved with the characters, and had an exciting climatic battle, the only thing that saves this sequel from being at the bottom of the barrel is Donald Pleasance. Since this film takes place immediately after the first film, those with short attention spans won't have to worry about things like a script that tries to build up to the conflict. But of course the same thing can be said about the dreadful Friday the 13th remake, and I doubt very many people (even those with no attention span) would recommend that turkey. Instead you get Michael Meyers shambling around killing one stereotypical teen after another. As Roger Ebert (a fan of the first film notes) this sequel begins the trend in this series of plots that require all the victims to be absolute morons. With the exception of the original film, Halloween 3 (an underrated film which has nothing to do with Michael Meyers) or the Rob Zombie films (which are highly flawed -- particularly in their running time -- but at least show intelligence, creativity and have great visuals), it is best to avoid any film in the Halloween franchise. John Carpenter meant for each film to be unique, and for Meyers to never return. Instead we got stuck with ever increasing suckiness. I recommend enjoying the original and experience Michael Meyers as the very human but very menacing character he was in the first film instead of the dull, uninteresting, shambling immortal dependent upon stupid, stupid victims the awful sequels turned him into.
3/27
2.0
1310169600
B000N7K33E
While I am a big fan of Charles Burns, his art loses some of its effectiveness in the absence of a storyline. Sure, there are the usual deformed creatures, but gone are the themes of lost innocence and childhood confusion over sex and parental morals that add to the creepiness of his illustrations. The drawings are enjoyable, but for the most part they appear to have been quickly sketched on napkins while awaiting dinner in a dark restaurant. This is for diehard fans only.
4/6
3.0
987206400
B00006IUGB
This is one of the best Brentwood 4 movie horror collections I've seen so far, but don't expect perfection for the low price.My personal favourite is CATHY'S CURSE. A little girl is possessed by her aunt, Cathy, who died in a car crash with her father after they were abandoned by her brother and mother. Cathy now seeks revenge on all women (and some men). The first 20 minutes are boring, but once the girl gets possessed it becomes nonstop, fun-filled, unintentional comedy as she does such evil things as get an old man stinking drunk, plays with an evil doll and talks in weird voices. Meanwhile her mother gets hysterical (THE funniest bad acting I've seen in ages) while the clueless father just gets confused. Bad special effects also abound (just try to guess how the girl teleports around!). Unfortunately the print is not very good, but it is watchable and I don't know of anywhere else to find this wonderful gem, which deserves a cult following. This one alone is worth the price."GOD TOLD ME TO" are the last words spoken by a sniper who has just randomly killed a dozen people as he lies dying. Other seemingly normal citizens (including a cop played by Andy Kaufmann!) also begin committing murders, uttering the same words when asked why they did it. This film by Larry (It's Alive, Return to Salem's Lot) Cohen is uneven, but is spooky and will freak you out, especially the scenes where the investigating cop confronts "God". Great print, letterboxed. Also worth the price by itself.THE GHOST is a gothic tale in the vein of Corman's Poe adaptations, but without Vincent Price or psychedelic dream sequences. A bit slow, but very atmospheric and ultimately worthwhile, and with a great performance by Barbara Steele. Picture quality isn't great, but has a nice midnight movie quality to it. The first short scene is slightly out of order (apparently to open the film with credits that should have begun a minute in), so you see the end of a seance before it begins.GOOD VERSUS EVIL, the weakest entry, is a pilot for a series that never happened. Basically, Satanists raise a nice,normal girl without telling her she is expected to bear Satan's child (the same mistake as in End of Days: Why not just raise her to look forward to this role instead of keeping her in the dark?). Their plans are messed up when she and an author fall in love. The series was to be about him teaming up with an exorcist to rescue her and battle the Satanists. The villain seems promising, but all you get is a setup for the nonexistent series and a lame exorcism scene (a family friendly copy of scenes from "The Exorcist"). Good picture quality, but a completely unsatisfying film.
3/3
5.0
1054598400
B00006IUIM
To break down my ratings I give the Naked Witch 4 stars, the Crypt of Dark Secrets 1 star, and the extras get 5 stars.In Crypt of Dark Secrets, all you get for your trouble are 4 drownings, one robbery, one naive vietnam vet, and a long and boring look at a fictional society (with a population of 4 or 5 people (one dead)) that lived in the New Orleans swamps before the Europeans arrived. These ancient ones apparently spent most of their time doing boring, hippy dippy dances. Interestingly, half of them were white. But it's not as funny as it sounds. The only interesting thing is the swamp footage. It is unfortunate this movie takes up space on this DVD, but even if you skip this second feature, you get more than you do on most DVDs. The extras, plus "The Naked Witch", directed by Larry Buchanan, the man behind such hits as "Zontar" and "Mars Needs Women", make the DVD worthwhile."The Naked Witch" starts out with a long introduction giving the history of beliefs about witches around the time of the Black Death, with lots of great detail shots of Bosch's famous triptych. This opening is sort of like a sensational counterpoint to the classic "Haxan". It then goes into the history of a (real!) village in Texas settled by Germans which has maintained a culture straight out of mid-1800s Germany. Once these almost-documentaries end, it tells the story of a folklorist arriving in the village to study the legend of a witch (a real German folk legend transplanted to Texas, and previously the subject of a movie in Germany called, guess what, "The Naked Witch"). All of this I found interesting enough (many viewers may find these openings boring, but imagine going to a drive-in for a horror movie and sitting through this!), but eventually, the folklorist revives the witch of the title and the real fun begins. You get to see such things as the witch dancing to bongo drums inside a cave and walking behind censorship dots which mysteriously float on the screen awaiting her arrival before she even comes on screen, and "nighttime" scenes just as brightly lit as the daytime scenes! And the witch's eyebrows must be seen to be believed!! (Divine must have based his eyebrows on hers).The extras include some of the best movie trailers I've seen on any Something Weird compilation, and "The Hot Pearl Snatch" (I wonder if the Cramps named their song after this?), is a really bizarre and fascinating short which is completely incoherent. Despite the fact that this last short lacks "Psyched by the 4D Witch"'s psychedelic imagery, it is just as jaw-dropping. So although this is not one of Something Weird's best DVDs, and many viewers might not enjoy "The Naked Witch" as much as I did, it is still worth getting for this short.
18/21
5.0
1036022400
B00006IUIO
I give "Rattlers" 3 stars, "The Snake People" 4 stars, and the extras 3 stars.Rattlers is just another one of the many barely distinguishable movies about humans attacked by swarms of snakes/spiders/bees/ants/frogs/etc. which came out in huge numbers in the 1970s. It has all the usual characters: the local sheriff, the good scientist, the love interest, the small-town victims, etc. Not bad as a time-waster, but this one doesn't even have the usual big-name B actor like William Shatner or Michael Caine to laugh at."The Snake People", which isn't even given double billing on the front cover, is not only a longer film, but far superior. It is one of several cheap Mexican films Boris Karloff made towards the end of his life (usually small, unimportant scenes filmed in L.A. sliced into the rest of the movie, filmed in Mexico). Most of these films were quite exploitative, making me wonder if Karloff knew the true contents of the rest of these films. However, this one is very tame and could easily get a PG rating. Unlike the rest of Karloff's last films, the Snake People has half decent production values (except for the titles) and is a fun movie for reasons other than its unintentional humour. This one was scripted (but not directed) by Jack Hill, who is now largely famous for being the writer and director of most of Pam Grier's hits and for being a major influence upon Tarrantino.The Snake People is about a very professional but slighty sadistic Mexican officer arriving in a village plagued by "superstitious" beliefs about voodoo in order to clean it up. He is accompanied by Karloff's temperance worker daughter who wants to wipe out alcoholism in the town and who, despite her slogan "Lips that touch the bottle will never touch mine", falls for the handsome local police Lt. who really loves the booze. Karloff plays a local plantation owner who coincidentally studies mind-over-matter in his spare time and has books on how to use snake venom to turn people into near-dead mindless creatures, but the police fail to see anything significant in this. (But the ending does manage to make Karloff's whole role in the affair rather muddy). There is also an evil midget, a guy who wants to bring back a dead woman for his own salacious purposes, a voodoo priestess, three cannibal women, a few unimpressive zombies, and many visually striking voodoo cermonies (in one, a live chicken is beheaded). The ending (I think the director was trying to be Sergio Leone) makes little sense, but that's part of the movie's fun.The extras on this disc aren't very strong, but they include the complete snake dance seen briefly at the beginning of every Something Weird DVD as part of their in-house ad.
9/9
4.0
1036108800
B00000F169
Much like George Lucas' THX-1138, Dark Star had its beginnings as a film school project which was later expanded into a full-length movie with the help of later investors. However, while Lucas became far less serious when he started working with big budgets, the opposite phenonmenon occured with Dark Star's creators Dan O'Bannon (later scripter of such hits as Alien and The Abyss) and John Carpenter (later director of such hits as The Thing and Halloween). In fact, Dark Star often seems to make fun of elements found in Carpenter and O'Bannon's later works, as if they knew what directions they would later be taking and decided to parody themselves before anyone else got the chance. For example, there's an alien that looks like a blown-up beachball bouncing around the ship and causing trouble, providing a very silly alternative to the insect in Alien. Of course, other classics are billiantly parodied in this movie as well, especially 2001 with its out of control, intelligent computer and in the scene of astronauts floating off into space.Much like Monty Python, the humour works on many levels. In addition to slapstick, you get rather intelligent and philosophical humour. Not all of it works, but there are enough hits to make up for all the misses.Given the original budget of the film, don't expect a visual spectacular. Comparing Dark Star to the creators' later works is like comparing Lord of the Rings to Peter Jackson's first film, Bad Taste. This first film has a sort of roughness and lack of polish to it which really emphasizes its moments of brilliance. Too bad the film isn't longer.
15/18
5.0
1025395200
B00001LAE2
Jane Jensen is one of the few games designers still around capable of creating an interesting point-and-click adventure game, the few other recent exceptions being the designers of Monkey Island and Grimm Fandango, and it is fortunate that Sierra kept her on even while they decided to destroy the adventure game division they built themselves upon and fire most of their best designers.1. While most games have puzzles that have very little connection to whatever storyline they manage to put together (hi, Dreamcatcher), the puzzles in GKIII are very well integrated into a rich storyline. Some of them are quite difficult to figure out (you can always find hints on the net), but once you do figure it out you don't feel cheated for your efforts because the solutions always make logical sense (although you might have chosen a different tactic in real life). Jane's puzzles also involve more than finding different objects lying on the ground and clicking them randomly on hot spots. For one thing, the environment is too rich and non-linear for this to work. The player is actually rewarded for thinking.2. The game environment is very rich. There are locations that aren't significant to game play, but are still fun to go back and explore and add to the overall experience. You can wander off and engage in conversations that you missed out on the first time you played the game, and each detail adds to the richness of the storyline.3. The storyline itself is wonderful, based on the real-life mystery of Rennes le Chateau (read Holy Blood, Holy Grail for its history, or The Big Book of Conspiracies for a nice, short overview). Even without the puzzles, it is a fun, entertaining and educational interactive movie experience. (SPOILER WARNING: SKIP TO NEXT PARAGRAPH) Unfortunately, towards the end, when she strays from the known history of the Bloodline it gets a bit silly (it was not necessary for her to rewrite the &quot;origin&quot; of Jesus and create a silly one for the vampires in order to get the vampires into the story: they could have just found out about the Bloodline like anyone else and gone after the child for the special qualities of its blood).4. The production values are wonderful (great soundtrack, great voice cast, etc.). My one complaint is that Tim Curry gets a bit silly with his voiceover at times, but it gets better as the game progresses.Personally, I was disappointed by the graphics. The new emphasis on 3D environments in adventure games is saddening. While it does make point-of-view movement more interesting, the characters look like unreal homonculi and the architecture sometimes feels like you're playing Doom I. You never forget you are playing a computer game. It worked better with Grimm Fandango, where the characters are supposed to look inhuman and the environments are less navigable and therefore more fully designed. There is still something to be said for fully rendered graphics which allow artists to create more fully-realized environments. Perhaps 3D games will eventually be as interesting to look at as they are to move around in, but not yet.
3/4
5.0
991094400
0922915393
Danny Casolaro was a relatively wealthy individual who decided he wanted to become a writer. He already had a few articles published in various magazines when he first learned about the PROMIS software. Basically, PROMIS is a database program with amazing flexibility and statistical abilities and can also be used to predict future trends, submarine locations, etc. This software was developed by private individuals with some help in funding by the U.S. Department of Justice. However, the government decided to [take] the program instead of paying for it and began to market it as their own. This information is widely known and well-accepted and much documentation of this exists (including a successful lawsuit by the software developers that was later overturned on the flimsiest of grounds through the interference of the powers that be). However, when Casolaro set out to write an article about the robbery of the PROMIS program by the government, potentially to sell it to a computer magazine, the deeper he dug, the more sinister things became.First of all, he learned that the DOJ had a backdoor added into the program so that the U.S. could access the files of whoever they sold the PROMIS program to, including the governments of Israel and Canada. This led to further revelations and meetings with various informants that further revealed a complex web of deceit leading down some surprising avenues. Casolaro now changed his plans to writing a novel, perhaps even presenting it as fiction in order to avoid scaring off publishers. But before this happened, Casolaro was found dead from what was an obviously staged suicide and many of his notes disappeared.This very well documented book (that also verifies and is verfied by information published elsewhere) chronicles Casolaro's story, citing many excellent sources, including court records and affidavits. It also attempts to recover and recount some of the information about the conspiracy Casolaro began to call "the Octopus" because of its many, long-reaching tendrils. While it is not always clear Casolaro was on the right track (Casolaro himself often took note of what information seemed manufactured to mislead and discredit him), it is clear he was onto something big given his subsequent murder and its sloppy coverup.Casolaro might have led a comfortable life as a mediocre writer publishing the occassional article, but because of his sense of justice and the need he felt to uncover the truth, he was ruthlessly murdered. This book is a wonderful epitaph to two courageous men (including co-author Keith who mysteriously died from knee surgery).
30/30
5.0
991612800
B0000080LS
This is Mojave 3's first album, or more accurately the first album from Neil Halstead and company since they recorded Pygmalion under the name Slowdive. As such, the songs on this album provide an interesting transition between their Slowdive work and their later Mojave 3 work. The songs are kind of folksy, and there is an emphasis on accoustic instruments, but there is still some of the old ethereal droning sounds left over from their Slowdive wall-of-sound days.The songs themselves are all beautiful, relaxing, bittersweet masterpieces with sugary vocals and poetic lyrics. Some clear (or apparent) influences on this album include Leonard Cohen and the Cowboy Junkies. In fact, many of the songs sound like a duet between Cohen and Margo Timmins. However, the songs are still clearly Halstead's. This album is easily as strong as Excuses for Travellers although it has a more overall melancholy tone to it.
13/13
5.0
1012780800
B00001U0IX
I bought this film thinking &quot;William Shatner in the world's only movie filmed entirely in Esperanto. This HAS to be funny&quot;. Instead what I got is one of THE best horror films I have seen since Jacques Tourneur's Curse of the Demon. This film is very beautiful and very creepy. And Shatner does not ham it up like he would later on in Star Trek.
3/4
5.0
1077667200
B00004Z4TF
As much as I love both this film and Eraserhead, there is no real comparison. Both movies are black and white, have either drones or vintage sounding music for a soundtrack, and are very surreal, however Tales From the Gimli Hospital is in no way as depressing as Eraserhead and is more of a fun black comedy. Although Eraserhead may have also been an influence on Tales, I believe the similarities exist mainly because they have common influences, i.e. old silent movies, especially those by the German expressionists. There are long stretches in the film where there is almost no dialogue other than the narration, much like the cards occassionally flashed during silent movies. There is also a man in black face playing the traditional minstrel character out of 1920s movies which hopefully noone will take offence at. Even the titles and special effects are copied from old silent films.The story itself is influenced by old Germanic and Scandanavian legends which often did tend to lean more towards surrealism than linear logic and were more concerned with making a more purely emotional point, and so it was only natural for the director to decide to film it in the style of old silent films which have a far more dreamlike quality to them than any style that has followed. Watching this tongue-in-cheek film with its amazing visuals depicting one interesting incident after another, is a fun and enjoyable experience for anyone who does not demand that stories always make sense.
0/0
5.0
1014854400
0919359086
Cerebus, originally to be titled Cerberus but for a printing error, is one of the most important comic books ever published. Begun in the late 1970s as a parody of Marvel Comic's version of Conan the Barbarian by an employee of Now and Then Comics in Kitchener, Ontario, Canada, it quickly grew into a unique entity. Filled with sophisticated plots, emotional depth and (not counting the earliest issues) exquisite artwork, Cerebus quickly became the standard against which all other titles were measured (that is, by people who had outgrown immature power fantasies about men in tights).Cerebus is of extreme historic importance. Sure, there were underground comix before, but nothing matching its scope in straightforward storytelling. The undergrounds were pretty much a dying breed and offered few titles representing the unique vision of one artist. Most were just anthologies with short stories whereas Cerebus became a projected 300 issue epic. Cerebus blazed the trail for the modern self-published, independent comics movement, and alternative publishers like Fantagraphics by encouraging increased creator control artistically and financially. Even the mainstream publishers couldn't ignore his influence, creating such imprints as D.C.'s Vertigo. Even Alan Moore's Swamp Thing couldn't have existed pre-Dave Sim. Cerebus was also important for introducing the concept of a comic epic with a beginning, middle and end with a complete creative vision, vs. a title taken over by whatever writer and artist is handy with the characters never aging or developing. Such ideas as Neil Gaiman's 75 issue Sandman story arch are built upon Sim's innovation.Unfortunately, the earliest issues in this collection (which are still important for introducing the characters) were poorly drawn and written before Sim turned the series into the serious-but-humourous epic it now is, but half-way through, his brilliance begins to show with more complex tales of political intrigue. If it weren't for people like Sim, I would have given up modern comic books many years ago. Sure, some fanboys who do not read novels try to pass off some books such as the Crow as real art, but trust me, even if you don't usually read comics, buy this. This is serious art and serious literature.
8/8
5.0
987811200
1889539058
Remember those books you played with when you were a kid where on each page would be an ordinary drawing cut into three sections, but if you turned only one or two of those sections to a different page, you would create a new picture meshing together two or three different scenes? This is the same basic concept, but geared towards adults with the hearts of children (in their desk drawer).Combining their skills are two of the greatest renderers of the strange and grotesque, Charles Burns and Gary Panter. My one complaint, however, is that what really made this type of book great as a kid was that you could take the ordinary and make it extraordinary and bizarre, however with Facetasm, each original picture is already bizarre as is. This takes away from the fun of such subversive acts as, e.g., combining a picture of a macho testosterone filled body builder with those of a dainty ballerina and a withered old man. Here, the artists themselves have already committed the acts of subversion with each original drawing. But it is still fun to play around with and it contains great artwork by both contributors.
2/4
4.0
987206400
1560973218
In Dave Cooper's latest graphic novel (collected from Zero Zero where it was serialized), the lead character, Crumple, seems to be the only decent male left in the world. Sure, he is awkward around women thanks to the interaction of his shyness and sexual drive, but he is a nice guy who treats women as equals. Unfortunately his more confident male friend (as well as the few other males in the story) are complete and utter pigs. As it turns out, however, the women have the upper hand because their sexuality gives them power over man.This is the background for Cooper's satirical and surreal look at the Battle of the Sexes and what happens when males are rendered useless thanks to a bizarre alien intervention. Of course, neither sex gets off too easily. Only the most intolerant of man-haters would consider the ultimate fate of male-kind tolerable despite how disgusting some of the male characters are. And the male reader should ask himself why the females would be willing to resort to such an outcome. This graphic novel should have both males and females questioning their unconscious attitudes towards the opposite sex. Sure many of the characters are stereotypes of both males and females, but only to raise the point that either extreme of Male Chauvanism and Capital F Feminism is intolerable. Cooper's deceptively cartoony style is very effective in adding to the mood of this nightmare.
1/1
5.0
993513600
0375714529
Falling halfway between the surrealism of &quot;Like a Velvet Glove Cast in Iron&quot; and the realism of &quot;Ghostworld&quot;, David Boring is a story about a young man who, on the one hand, has an inability to adapt to change because of his obsessiveness, but who nevertheless remains stable no matter what is thrown at him because of his very faults (although that means remaining constantly dissatisfied with life). I don't believe that David Boring (whose name I assume is a nod to the great Superman artist of the 1950s Wayne Boring) is meant to be as interesting as the events around him, but is meant to illustrate a person stuck in a rut no matter what goes on around him. Instead of moving on to a new girlfriend, for example, he continues to obsess about the one who has just dumped him, and instead of living his own life, he obsesses about his father through his old Yellow Streak comics. What makes this story depressing is that many of us can see a little of ourselves in David Boring. But underneath it all, David Boring is, at least, a survivor. It is this sort of imposed self-examination that makes this an important and effecting work of literature and the accompanying artwork by Clowes is simple but moody and emotional.
6/7
5.0
989971200
B00005NTLG
Partly thanks to improvements in film techniques and technology, the producers of Flesh Gordon managed to do an amazing job of duplicating the visual style, fashions and epic scope of the old Flash Gordon serials (which look shoddy by today's standards) on a very tight budget. For that, this film deserves some recognition. However, despite the film's accomplishments, its novelty begins to wear thin after the first ten minutes, and then you're just left with poor, sophomoric humour which quickly becomes sleep-inducing.Other &quot;adult&quot; movie parodies from this period, such as Al Adamson's adult musical versions of popular fairy tales, at least have moments of unintentional humour that occassionally wake up their viewers when their deliberate attempts at humour fail. The people who did Flesh Gordon, however, were far too professional in comparison, strictly adhering to a plot and utilizing the best possible production values they could, so unfortunately you mostly get nothing more than their poor script with its unfunny jokes. Still, its better than the big budget, early 1980s licensed Flash Gordon film with the cheesy Queen soundtrack.
6/11
2.0
1024617600
B000066CS8
This is the absolute worst in a "series" of awful movies, and this time there isn't even anything supernatural in it! The only way to get across how stupid it is is to describe the plot of this cheap Canadian production.Two yuppies move into a totally run-down house and three of their friends move in to help do repairs. They discover such mysterious things as a rat infestation, a large spider, weak floorboards and plumbing problems, but manage to fight back with their tool kits and knowledge of home repair. Meanwhile, the wife (who considers herself psychic) decides that "house needs repairs" = "house is infested by evil" and spazzes out over it all, although when she first saw the house she had a "psychic" feeling that they should buy it. Things get even more mysterious when they discover an old Catholic church confesssional stored in the basement (why in God's name is it there!!) and when a neighbourhood dog barks at them (how supernatural!!). Oh yeah, there's also an old woman with one eye hanging around agreeing with the wife that the house is "evil", and some guy who occassionally stands around on their front lawn and doesn't do anything but stare blankly at the house.Finally, during the last ten minutes of the film, all but two of the above characters get killed (off screen!) because coincidentally it turns out that one of the people staying in the house shot a priest to death in the very same confessional now stored in the basement and suppressed the memory, so this person goes psycho after seeing the confessional. There is, however, one survivor who easily beats up the killer, although most of the other victims were much stronger physically and should have been able to defend themselves just as well.This Old House is far more exciting.
6/7
1.0
1003104000
B00004VY13
The problem with most modern horror movies is their dependence upon the audience reacting with shock to brief gory scenes. I do enjoy the occassional gore movie when it is well done, but I prefer to remain mentally involved in between the scenes of people being killed and feel the same ongoing tension as the characters. To my delight, John Carpenter's version of the Thing delivers on both gory special effects and psychological horror, mainly by creating an atmosphere of total paranoia and uncertainty that exists around a creature who can take any form including that of a trusted coworker. You become involved with the characters' attempts to overcome such necessary paranoia and reach a solution to their problem despite the fact that they can't trust each other. In fact, this movie is a closer adaptation of the original John W. Campbell short story &quot;Who Goes There?&quot; than the original movie (although that movie is also highly recommended) and therefore focuses upon how people would actually react in such a situation. And, like in old movies where you only get to see the monster at the end, not only do you get to see the monster many times, but your imagination will always runs wild because you never know what the monster will look like the next time.The characters are intelligent and either act rationally or succumb to insanity instead of acting stupidly like, oh, I feel like taking a shower by myself in this old house where my friend just got killed 5 minutes ago. And the special effects of the creature transforming into weirder forms than even a Cronenberg could ever imagine are spectacular and more frightening than the usual horror scenes of victims being evicerated in other movies.I won't go into more detail on the plot which is well handled in the other reviews, but it has a great script, great acting, and great charaters. This movie is highly recommended.
2/3
5.0
989193600
0060286288
While the first two Little Lit books appealed equally to adults and children, it would appear that this third book will appeal more strongly to children. Maybe the editors felt guilty about starting battles between parents and children over who got to read their books first. It isn't that the stories are any less intelligent. And most of the artwork continues to be quite stunning (although William Joyce's contribution is my least favourite, he does an excellent job of imitating the art of Winsor McCay). The problem appears to be with the book's theme: silliness.All of the stories (except for the fun Basil Wolverton reprint) are entitled "It Was a Dark and Silly Night", and are quite nonsensical. Maybe adults are too serious to appreciate silliness unless it is hip or postmodern. Kids, however, never seem to grow tired of silly stories, perhaps because they are good at engaging the imagination. But regardless of the reasons why this book is less enjoyable for adults, you could do far worse than giving young children a copy.Desipte the fact that this book will appeal more to younger readers, I still enjoyed some of the stories. The entry by Lemony Snicket and Richard Sala begins with awkward narration, but its humourous take on the yeti legend is interesting and has a great, bizarre punchline. The story by Neil Gaiman and Gahan Wilson is slight, but it should be able to cheer up anyone (I've always had a soft spot for silly monsters). And Patrick McDonnell, whose contribution's silliness is matched by its lyrical beauty, demonstrates why he is currently the only person producing a consistently good comic strip for newspapers (Mutts).However, my personal favourite is the story by Kaz. With its extremely surreal imagery and humour, this one reminded me of some of the more outrageous, anarchistic Looney Tunes cartoons of which I was especially fond, such the one that takes place in the land of the Dodo bird. Except for its length, and the fact that it is kid-friendly, this contribution would not be out of place amongst Kaz' Underworld cartoons.The only story I wish was left out is the one by Joost Swarte, but I've never liked his work.I doubt any adult will enjoy everything in this volume (these books are for children at any rate), but I still highly recommend this book to anyone who has kids and to those adults who like to remember what it was like being a kid.
9/11
5.0
1067040000
B0000648XQ
Swamp Girl is an excellent movie, which I would give 4 stars on its own. Swamp Country is not as good and would get 3 stars on its own. Both movies are low budget films made to be shown at southern U.S. drive-ins, but deserve a wider audience. Getting the two movies together on one dvd with all the extras earns them the elevation to 5 stars.Swamp Girl is a really fun movie with great characters and even greater locations. Although the print is a bit scratchy at times, the shots of the swamp are magnificent, and you actually feel like you're there in a hostile but beautiful environment, a sense that you don't get with the occassional helicopter shots of the outskirts of swamps you sometimes see in big budget pictures. No, these movies take place in wild, untamed regions. I don't want to spoil the fun of learning how the Swamp Girl wound up being raised in the swamp, or give away any of the fun twists, but you will get to see her go up against nature, progress, rednecks, and an escaped female prisoner and her boyfriend while making use of the swamp environment.Swamp Country is about a man wrongfully accused of a murder escaping into the swamp until he can clear up his name (there's also a brief subplot about a musician being kidnapped, and a love quadrangle). This film also has some great shots of the swamp and great characters, and is filled with some excellent, catchy tunes (very Johnny Cash). Unforturnately it is longer than it should be and drags in places, otherwise I'd give it a higher rating, but it is still worthwhile viewing for fans of old B movies (it was made around 1971, but has the feeling of a low budget crime short from the 1940s).Swamp Virgin is an old short from the 1940s using the story of a love triangle as an excuse to show extremely interesting footage of one method used to catch alligators (have a young boy tied to a rope swim out into the swamp in order to attract them (he must be a good swimmer), pull him back to shore before he can be harmed, then shoot the alligator). Swamp Virgin is filled with excellent underwater photography and may have had a good budget for its time. Plus there is a swamp buggy race (very interesting contraptions, and each looks completely different) and trailers to such swamp-related classics as "Attack of the Giant Leeches" and "The Alligator People" from the days when they knew how to make fun trailers.Don't expect any true masterpieces, but you do get over 3 1/2 hours of films filled with quicksand, snakes, alligators, bears, wild cats, mobsters, rednecks, music, southern accents and all sorts of other fun stuff.
7/7
5.0
1027900800
B0006OZ0FK
It is impossible to really review this book's plot very well without giving away surprises, but the surface plot is about a man encountering characters straight out of the pages of his favourite, although shortlived, comic book series he read in the early 1970s while growing up called &quot;Enigma&quot;. The comic book itself was the very surreal creation of a comic artist who was clearly the product of the late 1960s counter-culture. The first villian to appear is called &quot;The Truth&quot;, and his power consists of driving people insane by telling them some hidden truth (geared towards each individual). Other villians include a group of men dressed up as clowns who break into peoples' homes and drive people into committing suicide through some sort of reverse feng-shui (they rearrange their victim's furniture in such a manner to create a suicidal mind-state). The hero of the series teams up with the comic book's creator, who has an unwanted cult following (literally) now that his creations are coming to life, and the two of them also track down the Enigma to learn his secret.The whole series deals with such concepts as &quot;reality&quot; and responsibility and other issues I can't really give away without ruining part of the plot. As one reviewer's title notes, it could be described as post-modern existentialism. This is a brilliantly written, beautifully drawn mind-expanding piece of work.
7/9
5.0
992908800
0922915571
On rereading my original review I realized that I wrote it too soon after finishing the book and reacted to it on a more emotional than intellectual level. I am still of the opinion that this book is not as good as the first Apocalypse Culture in that it is more disturbing than thought-provoking (the first book was both). I do believe that in order to completely understand culture and society, you have to understand its darker aspects as well as the light. Unfortunately, here, the articles (vs the first book) don't shed as much light on society as it does on particular individuals, nor does it really contribute much beyond the first book. The essays in #1 on art, for example, shed more light on culture and the purpose behind disturbing art than the artist profiles featured in this book. Once the emotional impact of some of the articles wears off, you are not left with any better understanding of the subject matter. A rare exception is the article by Peter Sotos, a descent into the mind of a pedophile (an article in which nobody should be able to find humour), which is equally disturbing and thought-provoking, instead of just the former.Overall, the articles present a disturbing, nihilistic view of society. For example, included is the real-life story (including graphic photos) of a one-time cannibal who has become a beloved celebrity in Japan with many TV appearances, thus it says as much about how sick society can be as it does about the man. (He does appear to be fully remorseful over his act which appears to have been the result of a now absent mental disturbance (thus the reason why he is walking free), but I still find the fact that he can and does cash in on the fame he received from his crime disgusting).There is a bit of levity, however, in such articles as the one about Mr. Awesome, the ultimate egomaniac, who, e.g., has his own costume and specially decorated automobile, has offered a certain bodily fluid to Madonna, and tries to convince everyone that they can make a fortune by investing in publishing his comic book about his life. In fact, having had more time now to reflect on the book, there is more humour in it than I originally remembered, but the more depressing articles are the ones that stick more strongly in the mind.I still recommend this book, but not as strongly as number 1, which gets 5 stars.
5/5
3.0
990489600
B00004CYRF
This film has been compared to Lynch's Eraserhead, but it's not a good comparison (beyond the fact that both are excellent small budget B&amp;W movies with dream sequences). This film is far more cohesive and straightforward and grounded in reality, although the main character apparently becomes increasingly neurotic as the film progresses.Basically it is about a respected young mathematician with the social skills of your average hermit trying to develope a method of predicting the stock market on his homemade computer. Meanwhile an evil group (brokerage company, CIA, whatever ... their identity is not really revealed) keeps him under surveillance and tries to get him to make a Faustian deal to reveal any formula he developes to them. Eventually he reaches a breakthrough when he becomes interested in the mystical Jewish philosophy of Kabbalah and finds parallels between it and mathematical theory. As a result his understanding of math becomes increasingly philosophical, and he begins to note patterns in everything, learns how to predict the market and winds up being pursued by the unidentified group as well as zealous Kabbalists who all want to use him. He also, perhaps, winds up learning to communicate with God (or else he goes insane)(or both). This last bit of confusion is not because the movie is confusing, but because it cleverly leaves some events open to several equally supportable interpretations.Don't worry if you're not really into math or the Kabbalah, Pi is still very entertaining. It has excellent acting and great photography (despite the obviously low budget). But if you are into such things, the movie also does manage to make excellent parallels between theoretical mathematics and Kabbalah (however you want to spell it) while presenting both accurately, and is mind expanding and thought provoking. Pi reflects an increasingly strong trend amongst theorists of finding parallels between pure science and mysticism (e.g. quantum physics and zen buddhism) whatever significance you might want to read into that. My only problem with the movie is its title: the concept of Pi is not actually discussed! (At least not directly.)
4/4
5.0
1000080000
0823050211
I always loved Mad Magazine, whether it was for its sometimes brilliant satires or just for its whacky zaniness. But Spy vs. Spy has always been my least favourite of its features. There is some creativity at first in its Rube Goldbergesque depiction of complex schemes involving cross and double-cross. However, try reading more than 5 of the strips in one sitting and the repetition of its themes becomes more and more unbearable.Perhaps it was a brilliant attempt at metafiction with the goal of illustrating the pointlessness of violence through its repetition, or an illustration of the nature of intelligence agencies whose sole raison d'etre appears to be to create and sustain their own enemies in order to perpetuate their existence (look up the histories of Reinhard Gehlen, Batista, the Shah of Iran, Air America, Bin Laden, and Saddam Hussein to learn how the CIA has contributed to the world). Or perhaps the total interchangeability of its characters belies the absurdity of the world's conflicts which are all rooted in meaningless trivialities (skin colour, religion, nationality, etc). However, having read reprints of some of Prohias' unsophisticated (albeit extremely courageous)political cartoons from when he was still a resident of Castro's Cuba, this would appear highly unlikely.Any one of Sergio Aragone's "marginal drawings" from Mad has far more contextual complexity than every Spy vs. Spy strip put together.
4/25
3.0
1059350400
0671626876
One of the reasons why I feel lucky to be Canadian is that we get a lot of the best that both the U.S. (because of our proximity) and Europe (because of our closer cultural ties) have to offer. Because of this, all 6 volumes of Clive Barker's Books of Blood were availabe here under that title instead of half inexplicably being given a different title, with the original cover paintings by Clive Barker, and all have been largely available here either in the original six volumes or in 2 trade paperbacks reprinting #1-3 and #4-6 respectively.I am sure that if enough fans in the U.S. put in the effort, the american publishers could be convinced to release the whole series as it should be in the U.S. It is worth the trouble. When I first read them 15 years ago they were the best horror stories I had ever read, and I still love them.
5/12
5.0
987379200
B000B7QCTU
This movie is only recommended to those looking for some bad movies to laugh at. It is no Ed Wood, but in comparison, Ed Wood is FAR better at creating coherent plots. No, I'm not upset that there weren't 7 zombies in this movie (there are only 2), and I do love old fashioned horror movies. But the scriptwriter's inability to count even to 7 is only one example of this film's incoherence.The movie starts out by showing a series of five-second clips of 6 (NOT 7) people in period costumes dying in an old mansion in various ways (stabbed to death, falling off a second floor landing, etc.). Flashforward to the present. The mansion is now owned by John Carridine and is being rented by a movie crew making a film based on the history of the mansion and how 3 (not 6 or 7) of its residents met a violent end. Most of the movie is then taken up by scenes of the actors, director and film crew shooting scenes or squabbling amongst themselves. Meanwhile Carradine (who only makes a few cameo appearances) spends his time hanging around the graveyard out back, rereading the headstones over and over again and at one point climbs down into an empty grave, all in an effort to determine the identity of whoever's buried in the empty grave (don't ask me -- I'm also confused).At one point, one of the actresses finds half the body of her pet cat (it is never explained who did it, how or why). Finally, in about the last ten minutes of the movie, they film a scene in which one character reads a spell to raise the dead. Unbeknownst to the crew, the spell is real and it revives one corpse buried in the cemetary out back (I believe it was the guy stabbed to death). The zombie kills Carradine then 3 of the film crew. The actress who owned the dead cat gets scared when she hears someone coming up the stairs. It is actually a fellow actor, but that doesn't stop her from accidentally shooting him 5 or 6 times! The zombie then pops out of hiding and kills her. Another actress falls down dead instantly just from looking at the zombie.Meanwhile, one actor and the director are filming exterior night shots. They find Carradine lying next to the newly empty grave (now somehow neatly dug out). The actor goes nuts and attempts to push the director into the hole. The actor falls in instead and instantly becomes a decades old corpse (?!?!) and kills the director. The end.The body count: 6 dead 75 years ago, 3 dead in the movie-within-a -movie, and (not counting the cat) 9 dead in the present. Oh yeah, two of the murders in the present superficially resemble 2 of the deaths 75 years ago, but none of the other 6 do. The scriptwriter, who also is responsible for Puff'n'Stuff, must have been blowing on his magic flute too often.
4/8
2.0
1006732800
B0000CEB56
I watched this film expecting something silly, but it turned out to be a very accomplished film. Taking a very bizarre concept (a bed that eats people), the director has managed to make a film filled with David Lynchesque surrealism that is equally intentionally humourous and frightening. The effects showing how the bed eats are very well done.The movie (largely seen through the eyes of the ghost of Aubrey Beardsley, Oscar Wilde's favourite illustrator) is divided into three sections: Breakfast, Lunch and Dinner. The first part sets up the fact that the bed eats people as a couple stumble upon it. The second part, also taking place in the &quot;present&quot; shows another group of friends coming upon the bed. Scenes of these new visitors falling victim to it one at a time are intercut with scenes of the bed's history and its origins. The bed, despite its immobility, manages to kill each victim with far more imagaination than the average movie serial killer. The third section deals with the final fates of the bed and the film's heroes.Unfortunately, after watching the film once, all the surprises are gone, and the dreamlike pacing of it then becomes a negative instead of a positive. Despite this, I have no hesitation in recommending that this film be watched at least once.The extras include the director explaining how this film became &quot;lost&quot;, illustrating how dirty the film distribution business can be. If he had been able to release it in the early 1970s like he intended, this film would have been a classic, instead of something seen by only a few people with access to pirated copies.
5/6
4.0
1077408000
081603978X
I must apologize to the author of this book. When this book popped up on my recommendations list I mistook it for another book with the exact same title and an extremely similar cover I had recently encountered. However, last night to my extreme embarrassment, I discovered my mistake. This book does indeed report accurate and up-to-date information on David Berkowitz, and although the articles on each person/subject is necessarily short for the book to be comprehensive without being unwieldly large, the summaries are quite good for their length. I still recommend buying Maury Terry for a more complete overview of Son of Sam (or other books with greater focus on various persons), but this book is still a good introduction.It is unfortunate that I mistook this book for another that is deceptively simlar but of far lower quality.
7/7
5.0
991958400
081603978X
I cannot give an informed review of most of the book. However, while glancing through it at a bookstore I noted that the chapter on Son of Sam was horribly out of date and as a result I did not buy it. It is now well recognized (since the early 1980s by the NYC DA's office, relatives of some victims, etc.) that while David Berkowitz committed some of the &quot;Son of Sam&quot; crimes, there were actually several Sons of Sam, members of a cult operated by Berkowitz's neighbour, Sam Carr, who had ties to drug dealers. The cult also had possible connections to the Process Church, and perhaps even the Manson family. The story about talking dogs was made up by Berkowitz to cover for the rest of the cult, and he took the fall for all the murders having &quot;only&quot; committed a couple of them. Even A&amp;E, which is often reluctant to take controversial views, had a documentary approx. 2 years ago supporting the cult angle. Read Maury Terry's The Ultimate Evil instead of this poorly researched chapter.As far as I know the rest of the book is more accurate, but not having read it out of prejudice, I cannot comment.
5/13
1.0
987724800
0312131496
Just some warnings: If you are just searching for movie ratings, this is not your book. Weldon occassionally lets you know which movies he absolutely loves or hates, but he usually keeps his overall opinion to himself, choosing instead to describe the movies with neutrality (although frequently in a humourous manner). But it is the best reference book for learning about strange, weird, anti-establishment, etc., movies that usually only get one dismissive line of description in more commercial guides and will have you running back and forth to video stores. But WARNING: this book is a sequel to the Psychotronic Encyclopedia and only overlaps it when new information has come to light about a previously listed movie. So, for example, Psycho 2 and up are listed, but not the original (which is in the &quot;Encyclopedia&quot;). Also, it only covers movies up to approx. 1996. I assume a third book with updates will eventually come out.
0/1
5.0
990057600
B00003CXCT
It turns out that Lucas was never as talented as anyone thought he was. The only reason why the original Star Wars films turned out to be a fun trilogy is because he was prevented by either budget or special effects limitations of the time period. Otherwise, the films would have turned out to be the overblown messes his latest trilogy is turning out to be. The evidence? The so-called special editions of his original trilogy.The worst offenses of these retooled films arises when Lucas creates new scenes which largely consist of Jar Jar Binks level comic relief. The second worse offenses consist of unnecessary CGI characters added to pre-existing scenes which are glaringly obvious and look completely out of place. The least of Lucas' offenses consist of touch-ups on old special effects which, in a few cases, are actual improvements. But even then, Lucas manages to screw up, especially at the end of A New Hope when the original exciting scene of the Death Star blowing up is replaced by an extremely lame burst of light.ILM has fallen too much in love with having actors perform in front of blue screens with obviously computer-generated characters. At least in the "new" scene of Han Solo conversing with Jabba the Hutt Harrison Ford actually got to perform on a real set, but Jabba himself looks extremely pathetic in comparison to the animatronics version seen in Return of the Jedi and, furthermore, is much smaller in size. This scene did not make the first release of A New Hope because they did not have the technology to create Jabba, but in retrospect this was a blessing. Jabba comes off as a joke when seen walking beside Han and demanding his money.For those who have only seen the retooled ET on DVD, Spielberg's changes (e.g. replacing the government agents' guns with walkie-talkies, and cleaning up the kids' dialogue) are far less ridiculous or a kick in the fans' teeth in comparison to the changes Lucas made. Lucas and Spielberg really need to leave their old movies alone. I dread to think what would happen to THX-1138 (a happy ending complete with a Busby Berkley muscial number and guest appearances by a computer generated Elmo perhaps?).
21/32
1.0
1089417600
0380807904
For those of you who, like me, discovered the work of P. Revess through his occassional appearances in the Zero Zero anthology: this is the same guy. In fact, a couple of the stories in this book were also published in Zero Zero (which were themselves reprinted from other hard to find publications). So if you enjoyed those stories, you'll love this whole collection which is equally surreal and laugh-out-loud funny. For those who haven't read his work in Zero Zero, the reviews below give good descriptions.
4/5
5.0
998956800
B000055ZNH
This, the original movie from the 1970s, was the first movie produced and written by stunt driver Halicki (who unfortunately was killed early on in making a sequel). It is a lot less flashy than the remake, but this gives the movie a far greater sense of realism. The first part of the movie is almost like a documentary and is basically a behind-the-scenes look at an auto theft ring and how it operates, drawing from Halicki's great knowledge of all things associated with cars. This first part of the movie is quite interesting and has some great moments of humour and a few minor car chases, but mainly serves to set up the second half. The basic plot is that the ring has a limited time to steal a large number of very specific high-priced cars. For a reason I won't spoil, the head of the ring gets upset with one of his best men and sets him up so that the police can ambush him on his last job. This leads to the exciting second part.The second part of the movie is one long, sustained car chase lasting about 40 minutes and is one of the best in movie history. Reportedly 93 cars got totalled during the filming of this sequence, and I believe it. It was all filmed on weekends without filming permits using a car collection Halicki built up partially from police auctions, including all the police cars that were used. Overall, not much of a plot, but it is a very humourous, exciting and educational movie filled with lots of great and/or funny 1970s cars and fashions.
6/6
5.0
1003104000
0941613658
This isn't really a songbook since there are no musical notations. What it is is a collection of song lyrics from Moore's music (he actually heads an obscure band in England I've never had the fortune or misfortune to hear) accompanied by illustrations that I believe are all collected from issues of the now defunct Negative Burn anthology series. As poetry, its fine (not great) and covers all of Moore's usual territory (e.g. one or two about Victorian serial killers).The accompanying illustrations range widely in quality. Some artists (e.g. Art Adams) are fine drawing comics, but aren't the greatest as black and white text illustrators. Others are just plain mediocre. One of the most interesting contributions is by Neil Gaiman (didn't know he could draw that well until I saw this book) that is, not surprisingly, abstract.Basically, if you are not familiar with any of the above names, this is not likely for you. But if you are a fan, this is an interesting little collectible curiosity. Not great, but obscure and fun to shove in the face of other Alan Moore collectors in order to watch them turn green with envy.
5/5
4.0
990748800
B000P52H88
Ward Moore does an amazing job of setting up an alternate history (and present), but it is one that ultimately goes nowhere. All of the conflicts, all of the character development that takes place for most of the book is just thrown out with absolutely no resolution, all merely so he can combine his love of Civil War history with an unoriginal plot device that was worn out and tired and cliched when he wrote the book (or even the original novella). If he had stuck to his alternate world and brought about some resolution to his storylines, if he had bothered to show where things were going instead of turning it into a series of pointless vignettes, then he would really have had something great. To instead turn all the story you've waded through into nothing but a setup for something that would fail to surprise anyone who's watched a single episode of the Twilight Zone just cheapens it all. The three stars are for all the good, unresolved ideas which ultimately go nowhere. It is almost as if he couldn't decide what to do with his alternate world or how to resolve things, so he came up with a cheat that allowed him to just throw it all out and bask in the praise for the ideas he never finished. These ideas would have deserved 5 stars had they been handled properly. But ultimately the story itself deserves zero stars, so I've averaged them out.
0/0
3.0
1310774400
B000096IBZ
First, to get it out of the way, some copies of the Circus of Fear disc are bad, but Blue Underground's website has instructions on getting a free replacement disc. Overall, these aren't the best films Lee made. The common thread uniting all four is that they were produced by Harry Alan Towers. In addition, three out of four of the films are directed by Jess Franco.Circus of Fear (the only film not directed by Franco) is based on a story by German suspense writer Edgar Wallace. As is typical of his stories, the film depends not so much upon a good mystery or skilled detective work, but upon the police unravelling hundreds of red herrings designed to confuse the viewer and keep us guessing. It has great acting, including a minor role by Klaus Kinski, and a great setting (a circus), but is not a great film. Lee does not get any major screen time, and for most of that time his face is masked, but it is still a fun role.The two Fu Manchu films would have been a lot more enjoyable if they both didn't suffer from poor pacing. However, even when they're bad, Franco's films are always interesting, and here we get to see him working with budgets closer to what he deserved. Both films are pure pulp fiction adventure, with members of Scotland Yard attempting to stop the evil Fu Manchu's plans for world domination. As with pulp fiction, most of the characters are pure stereotypes, although this 1960s series made a point of occassionally noting that Fu Manchu does not represent most orientals and is wanted by eastern authorities as well. I far prefer Lee's earlier Fu Manchu films, but neither have Jess Franco as a draw. Lee gets very little screen time in both and seems to be bored with the role.The film that makes this collection worthwhile is The Bloody Judge, released for the first time in a director's cut which combines several "alternate" endings into one coherent ending. The Bloody Judge is based upon a real British witchhunter. Lee, as the titular judge, abuses his office in an attempt to win the hand of a woman by burning her innocent sister as a witch, and then threatening to burn her as well (what a romantic). Included are exploitative dungeon torture scenes Lee says he was unaware of while making this film. It isn't as good as Michael Reeve's/Vincent Price's "Witchfinder General" (whose success The Bloody Judge was trying to cash in upon), but it is still a good, antiestablishment historical film with a very well done battle scene (Franco also directed the classic battle scenes in Orson Welle's "Chimes at Midnight"). The Bloody Judge is only available as part of this set (likely to help Bill Lustig ensure he recovers the cost of restoring it). Lee gets a lot of screen time in this one and gives one of his best performances.Overall, The Bloody Judge is the main reason for getting this collection, and I would say that Franco fans will be more pleased with this collection than Lee fans. Here's hoping Blue Underground releases a second collection with the better Fu Manchu films, and Lee's best non-Hammer, non-LOTR film ever, "Blood Demon"!
7/9
5.0
1078444800
B003GOOZPI
This is one of the most ridiculous film's I've ever seen. First of all, and this isn't the film's worst quality, it stretches credulity beyond the point where you're willing to suspend disbelief. The writers expect us to believe, amongst other things, that an insane asylum will keep a serial killer with the ability to instantly hypnotise others in a sometimes unlocked room in an unsecured hallway with no guards, right there amongst rooms for general patients (drug addicts, etc), and that he would be spoonfed by one lone frightened nurse with no guards standing around at mealtime. Sure, his wrists are in restraints at all times and he is made to wear a hood, but that's all the security there is. It's as if someone took all the torture from Gitmo and Iraq they saw in the news, but none of the accompanying security measures, and thought it would have great clinical benefits for the patient. The movie also expects us to believe that the head doctor would have no problem with members of the general public wandering into random patients' rooms unsupervised (and, yes, he allows more than one person to do so) -- in fact, he'll gladly tell anybody whom he finds hanging out, totally unauthorised, in any room the entire private case history of that patient. Heck, its even not a problem for an unaccompanied young male, let alone an employee, to be left alone in a room occupied by beautiful girl who is unconscious all the time (instead he'll immediately assess you as a good person and swear to cops that you are even after dead bodies are found in your room after admitting that you're a total stranger). And we're expected to believe the one security guard who sometimes decides to do his job thinks it is no big deal for anyone in a white coat to wheel out patients or that it's necessary to even check their ID, even when the person wheeling off the patient is clearly nervous and cannot even appear to remember their own name. Add to these items a new stupid irrationality every 3 minutes, and that's this entire film. The ending manages to be even more shocking in its idiocy, even after such inanities become the expectation. The last 2 minutes of this film -- even though it immediately follows an overlong climax in which the villain reveals a plan that makes no sense except, perhaps, to a performance artist -- are sort of the equivalent to the shock of seeing someone whom you've just witnessed eating one disgusting food item after another for over the past hour suddenly finish things off by swallowing battery acid. But with none of the horror.But wort of all, this film is plodding and lacks direction. Not one of its elements are fully developed. We have a girl with her own surreal dreamworld. Do we get to learn about her dreamlife and how it works? No. We get a few minutes here and there of her running around a bunch mirrors floating in the air in bleak landscape. Sure, we get to see the serial killer use the world to talk to her, but hardly anything representing a relationship. It's more like a surreal version of a bad commute to work than a LIFE. "Oh, there's those mirrors again and those ugly decrepit industrial developments. And, great, there's that guy who always insists on engaging in meaningless small talk and never has anything new to say." And yet we're supposed to believe that she has this deep psychic life craftily infested by the villain to gain her trust (at least when they show this to be a total failure, that's one part of the film that makes sense). After the hero escapes from the asylum with her she kills a couple of people whilst under the serial killer's hypnotic control. Do we see a cat and mouse pursuit by cops as the pair try to establish her innocence and convince others of the threat posed by the incarcerated serial killer? No. Another dead end plot. When she turns up unconscious in a bedding store does anyone notice she's covered in blood or call the police? No. Does the creepy old guy we see for 2 seconds in the film rape the girl while she is unconscious on the sidewalk? Who knows. She just turns up unconscious somewhere else. Nothing in this film has consequences. Her entire unconscious escape around the city is just to fill running time. Do we see the serial killer's past at all? No. Mainly that he got his wife (played by Sean Young for her grand total of 3 minutes in the film) to jump off a roof. No explanation is given why someone of his power was ever caught or why he chose to spend years in the asylum if he could escape at any time (no great feat given my above quibbles).Why 2 stars instead of 1? Well, I've seen worse, and it is so jaw-droppingly silly some people might have fun getting together to heckle the film.
1/1
2.0
1304208000
0440500702
This trilogy is structured to be the literary equivalent of quantum theory. For example, each part deals with a different potential universe, all similar to each other and our own, but with slight differences. So in one universe, for example, Carl Jung, vs. James Joyce, is the author of Ullyses (both being well versed in the same symbolism). Subplots begun in one universe are taken up in the next, like the influence of quarks. The main difference is that society in each subsequent universe is slightly more enlightened, therefore only the last Earth escapes total destruction at the hands of terrorists (or, like Schrodinger's cat, the Earth is alive, dead, or in a state of potential). Along the way, there are interesting lessons in Economics (noting, e.g., how we take money for granted as a part of society, but it isn't a necessary part of society, but just a construct), Sociology, etc. And it is filled with great, laugh out loud humour, sometimes Pythonesque. Without the help of the Illuminatus Trilogy's co-author, this book is far less literary, but it is filled with as many ideas in fewer pages. This is the best introduction to Wilson's work, fictional or non-fictional. Highly recommended.
7/9
5.0
990057600
B0002TX4NO
Good writing and good illustration always have universal appeal. Unfortunately this is something that has been forgotten in the comic book industry lately. It used to be that you could find comics that were fun reading for people of all ages, but that is a rarity these days in which comics are largely marketed to either an adult audience or to adolescent males who equate being &quot;adult&quot; with reading about violence and aggression and anatomically incorrect women in tights. This book (ironically labelled &quot;Comics aren't just for adults anymore&quot; in an echo of DC Comic's mid-1980s &quot;Comics aren't just for kids&quot; ad campaign) is a nice reminder of the way things used to be.All the stories are wonderfully written and illustrated. The &quot;Jack (and his Mother) and the Beanstalk&quot; would have been better if it diverged less from the traditional in my opinion, but &quot;The Princess and the Pea&quot;, which takes hillarious stabs at the original story while being beautifully illustrated in a traditionally romantic style, is effective at poking fun at itself. Most of the stories have obvious morals and can just be taken at their face value, and therefore can't be read on a different level by adults, but they are still enjoyable. The one exception to this is Chris Ware's wonderful original (though depressing) fairy tale and his board game (the instructions are priceless!) which utilizes his usual sardonic and cynical sense of humour very effectively, and I agree with the reviewer below that Charles Burns' Bosch inspired double-page spread might be a little disturbing to adults, but seen through innocent eyes I believe kids will find it more humourous.
6/6
5.0
992476800
B0000714AC
Educational Archives is an excellent collection of "educational" films ranging in date from the 1940s to 1980s providing a wonderful look at the concerns of society and its often misguided attempts to change children (and, in some cases, adults) during those periods. (Interestingly, the 1980s films have the most dated fashions).In these mini masterpieces you get to meet all sorts of interesting characters. There's Chalky, a talking drawing on a chalkboard who, in only 10 minutes, turns a potentially homicidal young bully into the paragon of politeness, then, after the lesson is over, has the young man help him commit assisted suicide! Then there's Soapy, a bar of soap dressed in yellow tights and puffy purple sleeves with fancy elbow length cuffs who sneaks into a young boy's room at night to teach him that washing does not make you a "sissy" by gesturing flamboyantly and making the boy watch a film of a rugged cowboy soaping up. On the other end of the spectrum is Mr. Bungle, a fun-loving puppet who children despise so much that they do their best to act like pod people in order to avoid being anything like him: Mr. Bungle wouldn't neatly line up his utensils on his lunch tray before eating, so I will! In another film a woman learns the truth about hot dogs by taking LSD: they are actually made of still-living troll dolls who have been taken away from their wives and children (leaving them without support) and are cruelly being served as food to those who haven't had the veil lifted from their eyes by popping acid (the film is unintentionally more pro-vegetarianism than anti-drug). But after learning all this from the troll doll, she cruelly stamps it to death!There are "real" people too, like a stereotyped Italian shopkeeper with syphilus, a mother who apologizes for interrupting her son's masturbating, a factory worker who trips and falls every 2 seconds, and teenagers doomed to die in car crashes on their prom night. In "The Outsider", a seriously mental girl breaks into tears wondering why other kids order chocolate icecream when she orders root bear.And there's celebrities! Sal Mineo (the guy who dies in "Rebel Without a Cause") sarcastically makes fun of drug addicts then sings a lame song about russian roulette. Lorne Greene advocates using pets as aids in teaching young children about reproduction. In "Shy Guy", narrated by Mike Wallace, a young Dick York stars as a likeable outsider who is encouraged by his father to spy on other young men so he can learn to copy them, conform and become boring. Lou Rawls recommends that blacks join the Navy as a solution to racial discrimination (!) Best of all, there is a stoned looking Sonny Bono dressed in a shiny gold suit who, in a supposed anti-pot film, actually teaches kids that it is okay to smoke pot except while in a bad mood or operating heavy machinery.As a male, I also finally got to see one of those special films only girls get to see about menstruation (basically an extended TV commercial for maxi pads, complete with blatant product placement).Not all of the films are funny, but all are fascinating in their own ways. I'm not sure what "Why Doesn't Cathy Eat Breakfast?" is trying to teach, but she has some interesting posters.Unfortunately, some of the Sex and Drugs films are edited for time, most drastically in the case of "Narcotics: Pit of Despair", but that film is available complete and in a better print as an extra feature on the DVD for "Blood Freak" (also highly recommended to those interested in unintentionally humourous anti-drug propaganda). There are other films I wish were included in the collection, e.g. the Navy's "LSD: Trip to Where?", but the Educational Archives is a great start, filled with amazing films, many I've never heard about.Hopefully additional volumes will be released in the future.
11/11
5.0
1041897600
6305907986
...and I'm not saying that because this film isn't explicit (if you want explicit, go for later adult films, not an early 1960s nudist colony film). Doris Wishman has made much funnier movies. &quot;Diary of a Nudist&quot; is a better Wishman nudist film.There is some campiness which makes this one worthwhile, but Blaze Starr herself gets in the way. Blaze Starr has terrible looking implants, and her character is such an annoying, spoiled child, I can't believe she agreed to have the character use her own name. The whole film tries to make us identify with her or feel sorry for her, which often makes the film more annoying than entertaining.Basically, Blaze-Starr-the-character decides that instead of &quot;working&quot; (i.e. attending parties to help her modelling career along) that she would prefer to lie around naked at a nudist camp. For the whole film she tries to paint her fiancee as a bad guy because 1) he wants to know where his bride-to-be secretly runs off to every weekend, and 2) because he is upset she is dragging his reputation as an agent through the mud by failing to show up for her scheduled events. In the predictable ending she falls for the camp director, but instead of feeling good for her like we are supposed to, I felt relief for her apparently ex-fiancee.
1/2
3.0
1083888000
B0001AW0YS
There are only three Elvis films that I enjoy: King Creole, Jailhouse Rock, and Follow That Dream. While the first two are great musical dramas from when Elvis still had the air of rebellion about him, Follow That Dream is a piece of comedic fluff like most of his later films, but one which avoids being as formulaic or sickly sweet or filled with terrible music as are most of those later films.In this one Elvis plays a true innocent who is somehow still ignorant about the ways of the world despite being a vet. He and his family (including some orphans they are looking after) build a homestead on government land which happens to be prime real estate and find themselves in the position to legally obtain ownership of this land. As a result they become the targets of organized crime and feds (who can tell them apart?) who want the land. Elvis also finds himself the target of a crackpot social worker looking into the welfare of the orphans who seeks revenge after he innocently spurns her advances. Elvis gives a really fun performance as a naive character who is so positive in his outlook that when somebody shoots at him he automatically assumes it was an error.The film pokes great fun at bureaucracy and greed, but it maintains the optimistic outlook that good guys will win in the end. Such an innocent perspective tends to turn off many fans of social satire who find such things too escapist, but what most cynical viewers miss is that much of the innocence is tongue in cheek, and I personally see nothing wrong with optimism so long as it doesn't interfere with realism. If you enjoy, e.g., the film Harvey, then this might be your cup of tea.
5/5
5.0
1090108800
1560974168
This is a collection of comic strips created for underground papers by Kaz. Besides having a great, dark counter-culture sort of sense of humour, Kaz, who formerly did lots of work for Art Spiegleman's Raw magazine, is a master draughtsman, putting more imagination into gag strips than most artists put in their most serious works. His influences are obvious, especially Bushmiller's Nancy and Seger's Popeye, but he also brings his own unique, surreal vision to his work.Kaz's world of urban decay is filled with criminals, con-artists and freaks who, while often dirty and despicable, are also quite cute. Kind of like a cross between Lenny Bruce and the Smurfs. Most of the humour is quite escapist, but there are a few wry, biting comments on American culture that manage to avoid being preachy. Kaz's Underworld is the second best humour strip I've read in years (Dry Shave being the best).
3/3
5.0
995414400
B00005OSJW
Today, Hammer studio's the Vampire Lovers (an adaptation of LeFanu's Camille) is an erotic gothic film that could be easily shown on prime time TV (except for a bit of nudity) and is still a good piece of filmaking. However, Lust for a Vampire, which was rushed out by Hammer to cash in on the Vampire Lovers' success, is a more exploitative piece of schlock, but one that is nevertheless fun to watch. An author arrives in a small town where women are being brutally murdered (the locals know it is a vampire, but he is too rational to believe this). Much to his sinful delight, he finds himself with the opportunity to replace the professor of literature at a local all-girls academy where every student is gorgeous and they exercise outdoors in flimsy gowns and no underwear. One of the students is a bisexual female vampire (who has a few sexy but very brief scenes with her roommates), and she and the author fall in love. Alas, their love is doomed for they are from two different worlds. The film is, by today's standards, also relatively tame and it gets a bit dull at times when the script attempts to become a more serious gothic thriller, but most of it is harmless exploitative fun with a self-depricating sense of humour.
9/11
4.0
1003968000
1582404801
Multiple choice question:"Wanted" is: a) a commentary about the modern comic book reader as pathetic speciman suffering from possibly sociopathic wish-fulfillment fantasies; b) a mere exercise in trying to shock readers; c) a guerilla tactic to force readers into accepting themselves for who they are, overcome the judgement of others, and make changes for themselves; or d) some combination of the above.To understand "Wanted" fully, you have to start in the Real World (ours). In 1985-1986 DC invented Big Event comic books with this thing called the Crisis on Infinite Earths (or maybe Marvel did with "Breakfast of Champions" (or was that "Contest...")). DC felt that they needed to update their universe to make it more now, more hip, more grounded in the "real world" (ha!), in order to make it more appealing to readers who got off on slogans like "DC Comics Aren't Just for Kids Anymore" (keep in mind that was at a time before geek chic, and most kids who were caught still reading comics after their first short hairs began to appear discovered there was open season on them). This was followed by series like The Dark Knight Returns and Watchmen and we KNEW that made comics okay, we KNEW we were justified in reading them, because Mainstream Media said so. We were MATURE, dammit! Time magazine has given us acknowledgement and special dispensation. (Don't get me wrong: I loved this growing maturity as manifested in Watchmen, etc, but the motives of the publishers and many of the readers were indeed wrong, and the baby got thrown out with the bathwater since in our pursuit of the dark and mature, much that was fun and equally worthwhile got the axe).Switch over to the world of "Wanted". There is a Crisis c 1986 that pits all of the villians against all of the heroes, and the villians win and history is retrofitted. The world becomes a darker place. We see clean skyscrapers replaced by run down tenements, and clean citizens replaced by a grungier humanity. Gone are the great heroes with high ideals of justice. As one character puts it: Pre-Crisis, colours were brighter, food tasted better, etc, etc.If you haven't already noted the parallel between pre and post Crisis in both the real world and the world depicted in "Wanted", I'll now bluntly point it out to you -- there is a parallel: In both post-Crisis worlds (ours and theirs) heroes have been replaced by the anti-hero, villians replaced by homicidal sociopaths, cleanliness replaced by dirt and grime, bright colours replaced by a palette worthy of Lyn Varley, etc. Only in "Wanted" these are changes to the world itself, vs the contents of the comics we read. In our world, these changes are mere artifice, while in "Wanted", these changes are real. In our world, nothing has really changed for the reader, who is still seeking acceptability, except artificially through externalities. The real-world reader is still the same creature they were pre-Crisis, whereas in "Wanted" the lead character really does change. Does that sound too judgemental? Sorry, but I am interpreting "Wanted" so maybe the blame lies with Mark Millar (if I'm not putting too may words in his mouth).The lead character supposedly embodies all us comics geeks wanted both in reality (to be cool, to be self-reliant, to quit our jobs and still get all the tail and money, to not be made fun of but to be the one on top) and superficially (a comic character whose exploits don't make us feel immature, a character girls won't laugh at). But the lead's morals are therefore grey and murky. He kills at the drop of a hat (in fact his special power is his ability to kill). And ultimately he is a complete and vile sociopath whose only claim to being a hero is the fact that his opponents are even more vile. "Is this what you wanted?" Millar seems to be asking. "Is this what you wanted to be, and the hero you wanted to worship? Are these the comic books you wanted? Well this character thinks you're pathetic". Not that that stops Mark Millar from making a good living writing stuff that caters to the whole supposed post-Crisis sensibility -- I'm sure he cries about it all the way to the bank.Now if assuming that is Millar's sole message (choice "a" in my multiple choice question), then it is a rather poor one. All of his critique falls a bit flat since, in addition to being hypocritical, one would hope that none of his readers ever considered rape, or shooting down unarmed people, or winning over the rather shallow and self-serving attention of a female sociopath to be a sign of coolness or fulfillment. But therein lies Millar's possible salvation. Maybe his message isn't "a". Maybe he isn't even merely trying to shock us (choice "b"). Maybe he wanted to get this very reaction from us: "How dare this vile and repulsive character judge US? He is a rapist. He is a murderer. He still needs to rape or be used as a toy boy to get tail, and he gets his money as a windfall. And we even get to see the pathetic path he is heading towards. I feel bad that for parts of the story I felt myself cheering for him or liking him, because he truly is pathetic." And maybe that's the book's goal.Maybe the answer to the whole Crisis and the cynical tactics of comic book publishers was to not allow ourselves buy into the judgement of others so easily.Because maybe they are the pathetic ones. Look at the character before he had everything basically handed over to him (a fortune in money, a woman to teach him, weapons and drugs and super-powers). He was us at our most pathetic. He is the one who didn't leave his girlfriend when he knew she was cheating on him, etc, etc. And those he emulates don't hold up much better than us in his own judgement. And we are worried about this once loser, now rapist judging us? And we are worried about Mark Millar judging us when he cranks out this stuff? Perhaps that is Wanted's redemption. We, too, can make changes. Find a better job. Dump the cheating girlfriend. Do what makes you happy and stop worrying about what others think. Pure simplicity. What is triumphal in the movie version of "Wanted" is just a pale sham in the comic book.But if the answer to my multi choice question really IS "a" or "b", it still is a worthwhile read. If the book was merely written to shock, it does so in an imaginative manner. Even if it is nothing more than a meandering insult of its readers, elements of "Wanted" could have still made a really great story that wasn't so pedantic and hypocritical. As the far-different movie illustrates, some of the whole wish-fulfillment fantasy / fish out of water stuff still makes for a fun ride if you don't take it too seriously (ironic, isn't it then, that this graphic novel appears to be giving such wish-fulfillment fantasy the finger?). Also I share a bit of distaste for the whole attitude that comics have to be dark to be mature or cool, so "Wanted" does speak to me in that manner to a degree. But it isn't such a worthwhile read that I'll give it more than 3 stars, even if you buy into it being a sneaky peachy keen feel-good message.
0/1
3.0
1350777600
B00003OPCR
Poor Larry. With his mind stuck in the 1970s, he has a lot of trouble with women. But, man, he has an interesting life.This package collects all 6 games (there was no #4 for some mysterious reason). In the first game, Larry's primary goal is to get laid. Filled with ribald humour, this game was revolutionary for its time. Instead of an adventure game comprised of just text or perhaps a few static illustrations, you actually got to see everything happening to your "3D" character (now very 2D by today's standards). The parser driven gameplay could be frustrating when you didn't know how to type a command so the computer would understand it, but it also added more humour since you could type ANYTHING (and the game usually had good responses), and you couldn't guess by just clicking different inventory items on hot spots. (Also included is the remake of #1 with a point-and-click interface and better graphics). At this point Larry was just a pathetic loser who was fun to laugh at, but elicited little sympathy.With #2, the designer, Al Lowe, decided that people played the game in order to watch an interactive movie. As a result, the game is WAY too linear, and there is no flexibility on how to get through. But now Larry was on a quest for true love, vs. just cheap thrills, and started to become more sympathetic. We also meet Passionate Patti, a recurring love interest.As a result of negative reactions to #2's linear gameplay, #3 is more non-linear (although divided into chapters). Since Larry now has a girlfriend, the goal with #3 is changed. In this one, playing as both Patti and Larry, the player has to try to reunite the two and defeat a mad scientist. Getting laid is no longer the main goal, and except for the ribald humour, this is more like a typical adventure game. This was also the last of the parser driven games.With #5, the series began using a point and click interface. Like most such early games, this makes it TOO easy. And, for some dumb reason, the game is again totally linear (although the order in which the chapters can be played is more flexible). Now the player just needs to randomly click items on hot spots. Suffering from partial amnesia (due to the missing #4), Patti and Larry have mysteriously become parted. Once again, playing as both characters, Larry reverts to trying to get laid while Patti tries to bring down the mob in her role as an undercover agent, and at the end the two are reunited as their paths cross.With #6, the series returns to basics. For some unexplained reason, Patti is no longer around. Larry wins a stay at a Hellish health spa he cannot leave and tries to get laid. With this game, the puzzles are slightly more challenging, but still not very. But the humour is now back on course, making it a fun game once again.#7 is the best in the series, having some of the most complex puzzles of the series. It is like a dirty version of Monkey Island with Larry trying to get laid on a cruise ship after finding a lost passenger ticket. The interface is also really cool. The game can be completed using point-and-click, but you also have the option of using a parser interface to uncover hidden jokes. It is also the funniest of the bunch, and the most risque. #7 left me anxiously waiting to see what they would do with #8 (one of the rumours was that they would use photographic images of real women for the female characters), but, alas, Sierra decided to do away with all its adventure game titles except Gabriel Knight for some ridiculous reason.#7 is worth the price of this collection alone. #6 and #1 are also very good. #3 is decent, and #2 and 5 are not the best. The graphics on the earlier games are primitive, but are still charming, and to me, the gameplay is more important. Even though some of the less-well designed games can be completed quite quickly, with all 6 games, you get many hours of gameplay, and you will likely find yourself playing all (but #2) over and over to get at all the hidden jokes. It is even worthwhile playing both versions of #1 since there isn't 100% correspondence in the jokes, and both are unique experiences.
47/50
5.0
992563200
B003ZSJ212
One of the definitions of insanity is doing the same thing over and over again and expecting a different outcome than before. DON'T buy this crap in the hope that Lucas will finally get some sense and put out the product people want. So long as people keep shelling out money for new versions of Star Wars minus the original cuts, just so we can get the few new extras he cynically adds each time, he will continue to pull this moneygrabbing crap and withhold what everyone really wants. Lucas: "Come back to me baby. I won't hurt you again!" Right answer: "No". Wrong answer: "OK, baby. I'm sure you'll be different this time because you WANT to change."
13/31
1.0
1316217600
0440203198
When it comes to writing about history from 2000 years ago through the Dark Ages, a lot of speculation is necessary. Literacy was low so there weren't many written records to begin with, and the church, etc., had a lot of control over what information could be dispensed. As a result, a lot of speculation over this period is necessary. Baigent, et al., recognizing this, for part of the book examine Biblical history using the oldest surviving records as a basis point instead of church doctrine or the latest translation of a translation, etc, of a pieced together, largely edited, and largely oral history called the Bible. Therefore, while their speculations may be as historically sound as anyone else's, some will denounce them as blasphemous. The rest of the book then seeks to at least verify that their interpretations of the Bible have existed long throughout history by trying to determine the beliefs of certain secret societies who claim to be guardians of &quot;The Truth&quot;.However, now instead of being impaired so much by a lack of records, the authors are forced to speculate about the secret societies' beliefs. Despite tracking down sources within a secret society, the authors' job is made difficult by the fact that such societies not only keep their secrets secret, but also fractionalize, engage in internal political struggles and have their own debates about dogma.Like Foucault's Pendulum, which this inspired, this book is ultimately a detective novel about various writers trying to get inside the minds of secret societies and running into various obstacles. It may dissapoint readers who want all their answers handed to them (and the authors don't even pretend to have them), but life is not that simple. Sometimes knowing what the right questions are is just as important. This is a fun, interesting, thought-provoking, mind-expanding book.
39/43
5.0
990057600
B000051YMT
The first part of the game is filled with movie clips and scenes from the movie of the same name (including the sperm song) and gameplay largely involves just reliving the movie. As a result, level one does not offer much new (although if you carefully click around, you'll find hidden jokes that add to the movie, including, e.g., what the children in the chapel were thinking during the scene with the church service). Also, during this first level, there is no really challenging gameplay. All you have to do is click on enough places enough times. But once you get past the first level of the game, you will find yourself living in the middle of a Terry Gilliam animated extravaganza, and that's when the fun really takes off.There are further scenes from the Meaning of Life and from the TV series, but the majority of the humour following level one (especially level three) is brand new! It is like witnessing and participating in a lost episode of Monty Python. The gameplay also becomes extremely surreal (but not so much that you can't figure out what you have to do) and more challenging (you might have to check the net for hints a couple times). And there is a lot of gameplay. It is impossible to finish this in just a couple of evenings.But the best part of all is that once you finish the game, you can watch a video of the Martin Luther sketch that was cut from the movie because they felt the chapter it was originally part of had become too long. (It was to follow the scene in which the protestant proudly announces that he can use condoms thanks to Martin Luther's Reformation. The Meaning of Life book contains the dialogue and a few photos, but otherwise it had been unavailable until this cd-rom was released).
9/9
5.0
992563200
0375423079
In a small series of comic strips originally designed to be printed as large, two-page newspaper spreads, Spiegelman illustrates his personal experiences of the attack on the World Trade Center. He focuses mainly upon four themes: his concern over the safety of his daughter who was attending a school right near the towers, his growing paranoia over the government, the funny but disturbing display of blind patriotism that arose amongst the US population and media following the tragedy, and, lastly, how slow he is at producing comic strips.Given the emotions still surrounding 9/11, it would take extraordinarily bad writing to fail to get any reaction from a reader, and perhaps that is why Spiegelman is so lazy and sloppy here. I'm sure he felt emotions while he was writing this, and he DOES do a good job of making the reader feel some of his anxiety over his daughter's safety, and some of his anecdotes are interesting (his never-used TV interview about how "American" 9/11 made him feel -- it didn't -- is quite humourous). But overall the writing lacks direction, is amateurish and hackneyed, and surprisingly ineffective at eliciting a strong emotional reaction from the reader given the subject matter. It usually wasn't so much Spiegelman's writing that made me feel emotions, but the memories it drew from inside of me (like the images of people falling from the towers). Without those memories, it was just history.The problem may in part be due to the format of his stories. In each spread we tend to get a glimpse of a storyline, then we get to the next strip and we see basically the same glimpse of a storyline with much repetition and little progression, rendering his storytelling completely choppy. It reminded me of newscasts where they keep repeating the same "coming up" message over and over again, and when they finally get to the story itself, it winds up being even shorter and less informative than any of the multiple previews you sat through. And sometimes he doesn't even go that far. To illustrate, Spiegelman repeatedly tells you how paranoid he felt. But he does not get his feeling of paranoia across. He doesn't make the reader feel any of his paranoia or really show its effects on his life (other than some lost sleep). And it comes across as completely matter-of-fact. He might as well be telling us that he ate a salami sandwich for lunch yesterday without even describing its taste, his hunger, etc.Some of his artwork is interesting as he draws upon classic strips from the early 20th century for inspiration, but this technique rarely adds any depth to the story's content. It is interesting style, but that's all it is -- style. It makes for pretty pictures, but fails to redeem the text.Overall, Spiegelman has nothing new to say on the subject of 9/11. It has all been done far more competently and compellingly elsewhere by numbers too great to count. Ultimately lightweight, Shadow is printed on nice, thick boards to create the illusion that it is far more substantial than it is. It includes reprints of several interesting vintage comic strips which are included both to allow the reader less versed in comics to see where Spiegelman drew stylistic inspiration, and to pad out the books extremely small page count.
7/8
2.0
1173312000
B00004CI9B
Like Argento, Fulci makes horror movies filled with excellent cinematography and special fx, decent acting, lots of graphic gore, etc. Unfortunately, Fulci's plots tend to be messy and confused. In this case, as with many of his movies, the thin plot is just an excuse for zombies to go around killing people.A woman buys a house in New Orleans that turns out to contain a gateway to &quot;Hell&quot; (actually, it is more like the original Greek conception of the afterlife which was created as a philosophical allegory: everyone winds up spending eternity lying around on a muddy, foggy plain no matter their station in life). Zombies from this hell kill anyone who hangs around the house, and everyone the zombies kill also become zombies. They don't kill people for food (they don't eat anyone after killing them), so at first it appears that they are guarding the gateway. But their ations aren't consistent since they go around killing everyone they come across, even when they have been nowhere near the gateway. Nor do they act like escapees. For example, they go after a blind woman who tries to warn others away from the house in order to take her back to hell (apparently people who enter hell alive go blind instead of turning into zombies), thus acting more like prison wardens. In other words, the zombies don't act with any sort of consistent motive, and there is just a lot of killing and ominous warnings with no logical consistency.The deaths themselves tend to get ridiculous. It is never enough for someone to just die a horrible death. For example, a bottle of acid will fall down on an already dead body (talk about flogging a dead horse), or flesh eating spiders will appear out of nowhere and start eating a victim (whose flesh unrealistically tears like cotton candy). The cotton candy flesh is an another problem with Fulci: in order to make the scenes as graphic as possible, the victims sometimes stay conscious and alive longer than is realistic, or too much detail is shown (making the effects noticeable), etc. As a result, the effectiveness of these scenes actually decrease because of the director's attempts to make them more gory than necessary.Adding to this film's problems is an often annoying soundtrack. But, hey, it is still more fun than most big hollywood horror movies if you don't take it too seriously.
0/1
3.0
1006128000
0878161783
This is archetypal burns. In this case, one of his favourite characters, Big Baby, is sent to summer camp where amongst a population of mainly pre-pubescent boys he discovers sex and becomes caught up in its mysteries. Compounding the usual mysteries surrounding sex is the secret being kept hidden by one of the camp's counsellors. Big Baby does wind up solving the camp's secret, however, being an innocent, Big Baby does not come out of his experience fully comprehending what has just happened.Although the adult reader will no longer find so much of what is happening to Big Baby mysterious, Burns manages to make us remember what it was like living in a world where much was hidden from us by adults and a sense of mystery underlied much of day-to-day life; a time when dirty jokes were something you laughed at nervously because you understood their taboo nature, but did not fully comprehend what they meant. And the reader is left wondering whether or not it is a good thing that life is no longer so mysterious after all.
2/2
5.0
987206400
B00000IQUO
How much you enjoy this movie will depend upon how much interest you have in Amy Fisher's story. Absent the fact that it is based upon real events, it is not all that exciting. It is well acted and filmed and makes some interesting comments upon the media, but that's all. From the perspective of realism and professionality, it is the best film made about Amy Fisher, but as a result is far less amusing than the other two films made from the perspective of Amy and Joey. It is more difficult to find humour in the characters when they are more real. This film, vs. the other two, shows equal sympathy (and condemnation) towards all those involved. Thus, as an exploitation film, it is not that great. The liner notes in the booklet about what Fisher and co. are doing now is far more entertaining and bizarre than anything in the film. Regarding the few new minutes added, I can see why they would be edited out of TV broadcasts, but they barely rate anything more than a PG-13.Watching this film did not leave me wanting to regain lost time, but it's not particularly memorable and I can't picture myself watching it a second time.
5/5
3.0
1038355200
B000087F26
In the early 1980s Roger Corman unleased a large number of [poorly made] barbarian films in order to cash in on the success of the Conan movies. They sure have not improved with age.In the first of the two films on this DVD, the Barbarian Queen (played by Lana Clarkson) is about to get married when an evil tyrant comes along and slaughters everyone, and raping and general exploitation ensues. The Barbarian Queen, who of course escapes, meets up with other angry young women who team up with her to get revenge. Such a plot could provide the makings of a guilty pleasure, but it completely fails to deliver. Most of this film is taken up by people walking around and talking to each other. The only thing good that can be said about this film is that it is not quite as bad as the barbarian films Sybil Danning made for Harry Alan Towers (or was it Fred Olen Ray?), but even the horrendous Italian Ator films (one can be found on the second MST3000 collection) at least managed to mix in an iota of imagination along with sheer boredom.In Barbarian Queen 2, Lana Clarkson plays a descendant of her character in the first film. Her throne is taken from her by an evil tyrant who keeps her alive because he wants a powerful magical sword which is floating around in a magical protective barrier in one of the castle's rooms, and only Lana knows the spell necessary to wield it without bursting into flames. It only occurs to her to free the sword for her own use near the end the film (and even then doesn't really use it). Therefore much of the movie is taken up by the tyrant trying to convince Lana to hand over the bloody sword already. There is one scene in a torture chamber which is interesting in a twisted sort of way, and there is a subplot which is good for some laughs about an evil preteen girl who plans to get married to a guard who is in his early 30s, and he goes along with her romantic advances because she is in line to inherit the throne when she grows up. There is also an interesting twist at the end of the film. For these reasons I considered giving this second film something closer to 2 stars, but, naaah, not quite.Maybe some people who like other schlocky Corman barbarian films such as Deathstalker will be able to somehow sit through this double feature.
12/20
1.0
1053043200
0878162372
Richard Sala's more recent works have consisted of long, convoluted noirish plots that are still fun to read, but I have always had a preference for his shorter, more tightly plotted works of the sort found in this collection. Sala's stories work simultaneously as tributes to and satires of 1930s hard-boiled detective stories and horror movies, with dark and humourous mysteries involving strange trenchcoated characters, hunchbacks and mad scientists directly out of Bela Lugosi or Humphrey Bogart films. Sala's black and white artwork is also somewhat reminiscent of Edward Gorey and pulp illustrations, but completely unique.If you are into psychotronic films, you will love Sala's work. One of the best stories in this collection was actually written by Tom DeHaven, the novelist of Freaks Amour, but all the stories are great and will bring childhood memories of secretly watching black and white midnight movies on your TV way past your bedtime. FUN!
3/3
5.0
990489600
B00002CF8V
This is the most fun and addictive game I have played in ages. But first, the bad...The most common complaint about this game is over its controls. I assume that this is somewhat exaggerated, however. My system falls well below the minimum requirements listed on the box, but it still played well enough. The only frustration I experienced was that the Stranger would sometimes turn too quickly or too slowly, and that would render the more precision-based puzzles very difficult. However, I still made it through and enjoyed the effort despite my weak computer system. Some also complain that the camera angles at times interfere with gameplay, but I found that they helped create mood and suspense, and at times when it mad fighting difficult I would just move to a point where I got better visibility (this is less of a problem with auto-aim, but it does sometimes get annoying).The storylines are quite enthralling, and you will find yourself running off to the computer at every moment to find out what happens next or to further explore the amazing scenery. The fully rendered graphics and sounds are amazing, and the gameplay is both full of action and brain-teasers.Each act focuses to a different extent on action vs. adventure gaming and can be played in any order (I recommend doing them in order unless you get stuck and can't get help immediately). Act 1 and Act 2 are an excellent balance, Act 3 is mainly action, and Act 4 is mainly puzzle solving. Each Act is also wildly different in its villians and settings, so you never grow bored, and the characters are very well realized and leave you wanting to experience more adventures with them (there are rumours that this will be made into a TV series!).The basic storyline is that it is the 1930s and you are a mysterious figure with a top secret government agency that hunts monsters. In Act 1, you team up with Svetlana, a sexy half-human/half-vampire, on a mission through European castles and forests involving vampires and werewolves. In Act 2, you are on your way to a small western town to clear it of its problems with the walking dead, but the werewolves from Act 1 first try to exact their revenge. Eventually, you wind up solving a Lovecraftian mystery deep underground with the aid of a voodoo god. In Act 3, a Chicago gang is bringing its dead members back as Frankenstein monsters and you have to destroy their monster factory, but they are in control of the city. In Act 4, you must confront a former member of the organization who wants to destroy it for its new politically correct willingness to work with good supernatural creatures and escape all the deadly, devious traps in his house of horrors. There is a bonus act (basically, a short film), but you can only view it with the editor which you can download from the Nocturne website.There are many instances of dark humour (you can attack zombies with their own body parts)and pleasant surprises I don't want to spoil as well (including funny but gross little scenes and interesting variations on the creatures (specifically in the zombie town)). The opening title film is also great (although it unfortunately often just plays the music while you stare at a black screen -- just start the game enough times and you'll see it). Playing this game is better than watching the X-Files (and it is much more gory and &quot;adult&quot;).
4/4
5.0
991353600
0871353091
Elektra is a character originating from the Daredevil comic series who has been killed off and resurrected several times, and the government agency S.H.E.I.L.D. also has a long history in Marvel, but don't let this discourage you. Fortunately this series stands on its own and all you need to know is in this collection, so if you generally dislike Marvel comics this is not an issue. This was published during Epic comics' woefully short height when they truly published comics for adults instead of just more violent Marvel comics.I must admit that the plot of this story is not exactly one of great literature. A popular politician running for President is possessed by the antichrist who wants to destroy the world with nuclear anihilation and only Elektra who is out to assassinate him knows this and she has just escaped from an insane asylum. Meanwhile, ultra-advanced government agencies as well as the minions of the antichrist are out to stop her. But Miller and Sienkiewicz elevate the work over its pulp plot.The painted artwork by Sienkiewicz is simply stunning and, other than Stray Toasters, is his largest and most self-contained work (Big Numbers having been aborted, and his work on the New Mutants, etc, being only partial stories). For this alone, the collection is worthwhile. However, it is also a masterpiece of the graphic novel genre. The artwork meshes perfectly with the writing creating an experience unique to comics as opposed to an illustrated novel. The artwork helps create a psychological depth and abstractions not possible in the narrative alone in a vocabulary unique to comics and not as possible in movies or books. Thus, just as it is impossible to fully recreate the experience of music in the written word, Elektra cannot be accurately translated to any other medium.While there have been better comics, few match Elektra: Assassin in its ability to explore the storytelling potential of the graphic novel and still maintain a story that is more than mere surrealism (Sienkiewicz's Stray Toasters, which also accomplishes this is superior, but less available). More work like Elektra is needed as an injection to wake up a medium that is now largely dominated by movies set to paper (e.g. Ennis' Preacher).
3/3
5.0
990489600
0394754417
Out of all of Burns' work, I don't consider this his best, but it is definitely the most fun. El Borbah, a character based upon El Santos, the star of popular Mexican Action films, is a fat dude in wrestling tights and mask who solves crimes and kicks ***. While the world runs down in chaos around him, El Borbah just wants to earn a buck fighting crime. Includes stories re. the next step after body-piercing, genetic engineering and fast food chains, and other sorts of weirdness. BUY THIS or the Fantagraphics reprint NOW!
0/0
5.0
989971200
B0007YUDHE
This book is a pleasant surprise. As the works collected in Marbles in My Underpants illustrate, Renee French is very capable of producing stories that wonderfully capture the surrealism of childhood. However, unlike Marbles, this book is far more innocent and avoids her usual themes of sex and death, and manages to be delightful instead of depressing. That is because in this case instead of writing about childhood for an adult audience she has created a book for children that can also be enjoyed by adults.The Soap Lady is in the format of a hardcover children's book (large illustrations with minimal text) and contains some of her best artwork ever. The blue and white illustrations have a haziness and surrealistic atmosphere to them although they are in her usual cartoony style, but here the art's cuttiness does not have a disturbing undertone to it. The story itself is about a young boy who has the habit of getting himself muddy befriending a woman who is made entirely of soap. They have lots of fun playing together, creating artwork on trees, etc., until they are discovered by some nasty children who report their friendship to the adults (who of course don't want their kids playing with a freak). It has a bitter-sweet yet happy ending unlike most of French's works (which tend to be depressing). Overall, the book is a wonderful examination of friendship and tolerance, and the joys of imagination, not to mention cleanliness, and will have you longing for the days when you felt free to go outside and just roll in the grass.
4/4
5.0
997747200
0966410076
This book is an excellent primer for teaching readers or viewers of any media the tools of critical thinking and is filled with contributions by such distinguished writers as Noam Chomsky and Richard Metzger.Although the book is filled with much interesting factual data, Russ Kick (the editor) in his introduction notes that it is much easier to tear down the sacred cows of society than it is to replace them with the absolute truth. For example, Howard Bloom in his second article falls into the very same trap regarding media reporting that he is trying to warn people against with a rather biased, misleading and one-sided presentation of the situation in the Middle-East. Despite the fact that what Bloom does choose to convey is truthful, what he omits is damning, and he is in complete error in suggesting that the overall perception created of Arabs by the media is that of the victim when in reality, with the exception of works by such writers as Chomsky and Fisk that have been the subject of negative campaigns, Arabs have been represented throughout media history as terrorists. And sometimes the authors admittedly only raise questions about beliefs without really disputing them (as in the article Is Jesus A Myth? which fails to really refute evidence of the historical figure). However, the vast majority of this book is well researched and supported, and serves a useful purpose even when it is only raising questions instead of presenting answers by fighting against the supression of truth. Thus while the article on evolution does not present a new and more accurate theory, it does show scientists as the frauds they are in supressing findings that raise questions about our current understanding of evolution instead of trying to reconcile the apparently harmful data in order to come up with a better understanding of the process as per proper scientific method.The first article, by Howard Bloom, is an excellent summary of social psychology studies regarding the forces of conformity and how they can blind people from even obvious, indisputable truths (I got to personally witness recreations of some of these experiments as a psychology student). The second section of articles then shows how the media can and does, both deliberately (through purposeful disinformation) and through error (usually from laziness, incomplete reporting or lack of knowledge by the reporter on the subject matter), misreport the truth. One example is the FBI citing a humour article warning of a number of made-up computer viruses (e.g. the Clinton virus, which destroys itself when it can't decide which of two files to infect) as if it were about real viruses, and said FBI report then being used as source material in newspaper and university articles exaggerating the threat of computer viruses, and by computer security companies with a financial interest in exaggerating the problem.Following this series of articles illustrating how common misconceptions can arise both innocently and more insidiously, are chapters dealing with more specific instances of disinformation and misinformation and attacks on common misconceptions.This is one of the best books of this nature I have ever read. Must reading.
70/84
5.0
991008000
B00006LPDO
I give "The Hooked Generation" 4 1/2 stars and "the Psychedelic Priest" 3 stars."The Hooked Generation" is about a gang of three psychos whose attempt to break into the drug smuggling business using the Cuban Navy as their suppliers gets completely screwed up. Along their way down, they kidnap a young man and his bikini-clad girlfriend, snort up at a cool dance club (with strobe lights), visit an isolated Indian village, and have a showdown in the swamps. There is also a side trip to a hippie commune (played by real hippies, most of them stoned).The plot is a bit weak (thus it doesn't quite earn 5 stars), but some of the scenes and characters in this film are amongst the most memorable I have ever seen. The best parts all involve a character named "Acid" who is played by this amazingly talented buy who looks and acts like a cross between Radiohead's Thom Yorke and actor Tim Roth in one of his insane villain roles. I'm tempted to describe some of his scenes, but I don't want to spoil them.I was hoping that "The Psychedelic Priest" would be some wild film about a way-out preacher turning on the masses, but its actually a deadly serious road movie. A young man questions his motives for becoming a priest after he accidentally trips out on LSD, so he heads out on a journey to discover himself and America. He winds up encountering hate, prejudice and personal tragedy as he witnesses the death throes of the hippy movement. Most of the film was amazingly well improvised using non-actors and people met on the road. Sort of like Easy Rider, but more of a downer and with none of the cool tunes.There are some interesting trailers and the director's commentary for both films is very entertaining, but the only shorts included are an overly long promo for "Mako, Jaws of Death" and uninteresting silent home movie footage from behind-the-scenes during the making of "The Hooked Generation".
12/12
5.0
1039219200
B00004WG8V
This movie makes the point that everyone's experience of "reality" is based upon the functioning of the brain. Mess with the brain, and reality changes. Perception of reality can easily be altered through brain injury, electric stimulation, drugs, etc.For the length of the movie, we experience life through the eyes of a scientist played by Bill Pullman, who may be the victim of insanity, a brain injury, the manipulations of a supernatural figure or an evil corporation, etc. (you cannot be sure which until the end of the movie), and who may or may not have killed his family. Reality is constantly changing for him and no matter how real things may appear to be, it may all turn out to be an illusion at any second. Despite how disorienting this may be, the plot is very coherent and has a sense of continuity to it, and you feel as if the characters are moving towards a goal or some sort of resolution, unlike with many surreal films.Written by Charles Beaumont, one of the most frequent scripters for the Twilight Zone, this movie is like an extended episode of the show (which often dealt with characters suddenly finding themselves fallen out of normal life and into a disorienting situation). Unfortunately, as interesting as the ride is, the ending (which is merely o.k.) left me feeling cheated. If it were a half-hour show, this would be more bearable, but you expect more after sitting through a feature-length movie.It is a well-made, well-acted film worth watching at least once, maybe twice, but knowing the ending spoils it.
5/8
3.0
1018483200
B0000296YH
I was excited when I saw this collection on sale. I remembered pouring over my father's collection that took up a large part of a bookshelf, but only represented a few years of the magazine's history. Now here was a more-or-less complete collection (every issue to the end of 1998) that only took up minimal shelf space.The only bad thing that can be said about this package is that, as noted below, the picture quality is at times annoying. (I recommend viewing it at smaller than 800x600.) Basically, in order to see the photos at their best, the darkness option at the bottom of the screen must be slid all the way to the lightest setting (then it looks excellent), but then to set the text at its most visible, it has to be slid back to the darkest or next to darkest setting (and even then, it can look slightly smudged). Unless you read first, then look at the photos afterwards, you have to keep switching back and forth. Also, when the text is on a non-white background, as for text accompanying diagrams and charts, it is a strain to read. But even then, it is not difficult to read most of the text, and this is still a worthwhile package. After all, you get an (almost) complete collection of the wonderful photographs and fun, educational essays that is National Geographic Magazine (note: you do miss out on things you can only get with the hardcopy like special scented features, holograms and 3D effects (buy the hardcopy if you need such gimmicks), and for the map inserts you need to purchase another cd-rom collection). Even the old ads are a hoot to look at, and the search engine is excellent. And sure, there are 30 cds to switch between, but imagine trying to track down an article amongst hundreds of magazines filling up a room instead.When you consider all of the text you get (110 years worth of magazines, many of which are extremely rare), the price is a great value. Knowing the excellent quality of the magazine, my one fear in laying out the large amount of money necessary for this collection was that say, in 5 years, it would be necessary to buy it again to get those newer issues on cd, but so far I have gotten an update cd that covers the year 1999 and hopefully more will be released.This excellent (though flawed) product is highly recommended.
3/7
5.0
992390400
1563890976
This book is solely the result of economic concerns. In the early 1990s, the comic book market was doing very well financially, but not artistically. Comics somehow became linked in the minds of most people with card collecting, and comics became a commodity mostly collected for potential future revenue instead of artistic merit. Meanwhile, a bunch of talentless hacks led by such &quot;artists&quot; as Rob Liefeld and Todd McFarlane, left Marvel Comics in droves to create Image comics so they could have more creative control. Did the comic industry use this opportunity to get out of the artistic ghetto? NO. At Image, the general formula became having large, brainless characters violently pound the crap out of each other for little apparent reason and adolescent boys, trying to seem mature, bought them by the barrel-full for their violent content. &quot;Investors&quot;, seeing this trend, bought up these comics to seal in vaults to sell later (they hoped) at inflated prices. And sales of such titles as Superman without as much blood and guts dropped.Did D.C. counter by hiring better writers and artists? NO. They decided: let's kill off Superman, get tons of free publicity, cater to the lowest common denominator, and prey upon the greed of market speculators. Ironically, the storyline attempts to make the occassional &quot;relevant message&quot; about the evils of violence while capitalizing upon it in a brainless story with mediocre art of two characters trading punches for dozens of pages while wrecking vehicles and homes.Now the comic market has largely collapsed back to normal, most speculators wound up losing money on their investments once they stopped artificially creating demand and scarcity, McFarlane is now making tons of money off of other people's work while doing none himself(which was his complaint about Marvel), and nobody seems to know where Liefeld is anymore. And, surprise!, Superman is alive again. Was this an act of daring storytelling and dramatic risktaking? NO. They got the increased sales they were looking for (at least temporarily) and brought Superman back to life making the whole exercise artistically pointless. They are still pulling the occassional gimmick, like (temporarily) changing his costume and powers and people still eat it up. Avoid this baby like the plague.
13/18
1.0
987811200
B000000XDJ
There are very few Christmas albums I can stand listening to, and even fewer that I can enjoy, and this is one of the best. My love of this album was rekindled while attending university. Whenever first term exams were winding down and students were preparing to go for their holidays, this was always one of the albums that could be heard playing most frequently. Even the most jaded students fed up with false sentimentality and the commercialization of Christmas couldn't help but feel their hearts melt to this music. Although it is both filled with joy for the season and has a wonderful youthful spirit to it, it avoids becoming too saccharine and has a wonderul jazzy quality to it that can be appreciated by music fans. And Guaraldi is an absolute virtuoso on piano. You can just picture his fingers playing around on the keyboard. Although this album will bring back great childhood memories of Christmases past, it is one that can also be appreciated by adults on its own merits.
5/5
5.0
1007078400
B000060NVU
As with the book series, the subject matter of this video game is treated with complete seriousness. What makes the game fun is imagining yourself in situations in which you are not likely to ever find yourself. For example, how many people have to be worried about being attacked by lions or being tied up by a kidnapper? But, hey, it's good to be prepared.In a full game, 1 to 3 players are asked a series of 10 trivia questions on such subjects as natural disasters, reptiles, insects, survival, etc. (For example, &quot;How can you identify a black widow spider?&quot; or &quot;Why should you be concerned if you receive a package with too much postage?&quot;). Unlike You Don't Know Jack, the &quot;host&quot; of the show only has a few all-purpose phrases during these questions (&quot;This question is worth...&quot;, &quot;The correct answer was...&quot;), which is too bad.At the end of these trivia questions, every player who has a positive score gets to play the challenge round. Each player is asked a series of 7 questions based upon different scenarios such as what to do if you are on a runaway train. Each question is accompanied by a series of graphics, and whether or not you get the correct answer, you are then shown a new graphic explaining the answer. This aspect of the game makes it more successful at teaching survival techniques than the books since you get graphics and clear explanations for everything, but only after you forced to try to think your way through the problem logically yourself.The only real problem with the game is that some questions are very poorly phrased. I cannot recall at this moment a specific example I encountered, but to make up a question illustrating the problem, the game might ask &quot;At what temperature are you likely to get heat stroke?&quot; (or ditto re frostbite) followed by a list of temperatures. Of course, the most correct answer given that wording would obviously be the hottest temperature listed (or the coldest). But it never is! Instead, what they actually mean to ask is &quot;At what temperature does heat stroke (frost bite) FIRST become a common risk?&quot; which is a completely different question. Also, sometimes the questions and answers are quite wordy and it doesn't give you enough time to read anything, let alone think through your answer. However, these problems aren't large enough or detract from enjoyment of the game enough to effect my overall rating of the game. One other thing which is merely annoying is the fact that the opening and closing animated sequences with the &quot;host&quot; are always the same (and unentertaining), but you can just skip past them.
17/17
5.0
1025740800
B00005AU5E
This limited edition is definitely worth the extra cost. Included in the limited ed. is a second cd containing 2 extra tracks. It is a bit annoying changing cds for just 10 extra minutes of music, but the bonus songs live up to Nick Cave's usual high standards (although they are definitely not amongst the best of the 14 songs) and meld quite well with the regular cd (the lyrics carry over the same themes, and if you read all the lyrics carefully you may note that, combined, they all tell one story).Also included on the bonus disk is a lenghthy video segment for PC and Mac with a few behind-the-scenes look at the album's recording session, including an excellent complete performance of &quot;God is in the House&quot; (without the McGarrigle sisters' backups). But the best part of the video is a rare glimpse at Nick Cave smiling! (There is one priceless scene where he even dresses up like Mr. Rogers (yellow sweater) and has a friendly conversation with a young boy). So much for the King of Goth image.
4/4
5.0
994118400
1563892189
Written by repected cartoonist, Gahan Wilson (appropriately so since he is a direct descendant of P.T. Barnum), this is a fascinating look at the history of freaks in real life and in the media and treats the subject with a great deal of reverence and respect. Wilson goes beyond merely presenting the histories of various famous freaks, but also examines why we are so fascinated by them and laments the fact that with advances in genetics they may be a dying breed (with the exception of self-made freaks like those in the Jim Rose Circus).Wilson begins with the historical roots of the sideshow, with the wild speculations about possible creatures that might exist in the days when much of the world was unexplored, to the fake freaks created for medieval carnivals and self-mutilated beggars, to the modern circus and portrayals in movies such as Tod Browning's &quot;Freaks&quot;. In addition to such articles on specific themes are the histories of particular individuals ranging from the famous (the Elephant Man) to the not-so-famous (a &quot;Lobster Man&quot; who committed a murder in a Florida town composed almost entirely of retired circus freaks). The stories range from the heartwarming to the heartbreaking, the humourous to the serious, and include romance and adventure, but all of them treat the unusual individuals who are their subjects as human beings, with all the same potentials as well as the character flaws of any person, and avoids being exploitative. My personal favourite is the article drawn by Ivan Brunetti illustrating how ALL human beings are freakish and are constantly undergoing strange transformations.The accompanying illustrations are also superb. This is definitely one of the best in the Big Books series.
3/3
5.0
992563200
B00003IEL1
I bought this game with high hopes having enjoyed their Meaning of Life game, but I am very disappointed by it. The Holy Grail Game mainly consists of chopped up and disjointed clips, images and soundbites from the movie making it far more worthwhile to just watch the movie itself. There is some new humour in it as well as scenes cut from the movie (which, I imagaine, can be found on the DVD), but none of this new content is particularly great and you have to try to get through an extremely frustrating game in order to get to much of it. The Meaning of Life was very surreal, but at least the puzzles made some sense. Here, the puzzles make no sense at all.The Complete Waste of Time also contains cut up scenes, images, and sound bites that can be found in more enjoyable formats, such as Flying Circus videos. At least most of this content can be enjoyed on its own, which is good since the main game that's included is even more frustrating and boring and makes less sense than the Holy Grail game. There are also silly desktop-quality video games that are mildly amusing but also, as the title suggests, wastes of time. The Pythonizer is a cute collection of screen savers, icons, etc., whose novelty quickly wears off.For the low price, this isn't a bad deal for the new content that makes up a small percentage of the package, so I still recommend it to diehard fans, but its not the best way to relive the original material.
15/19
3.0
1002758400
B0006RCK50
This is the first collection of one of the best independent comic series being published these days, which unfortunately comes out too infrequently. With its excellent dialogue, character development and almost photorealisitc black and white art, it is like a light-hearted alternative to From Hell.Combine the Prisoner with Twin Peaks, subtract all the secret agents and a lot of the darkness and add some romance and humour and you have Strangehaven. A normal guy winds up lost and enters a little villiage in the middle of nowhere filled with eccentric characters and can't seem to find his way back to &quot;civilization&quot;. There is a murder mystery involving a cult clearly based on the Masons which has been slowly unfolding over the years, but so far this has remained largely in the background as we get to know each of the characters and their wonderful little quirks and histories (things only really take off near the end of Volume 2).Frankly, I would be satisfied with the series even without the mysteries thrown in given the town's interesting inhabitants and their stories. Like me, I'm sure you'll find yourself wishing you could move to Strangehaven, a village filled with the beauties and delights of scenic small-town living but without any of the boredom. However, the mystery is a nice bonus that will keep you guessing and speculating (Who is the woman in the fishtank? Is that Alan Moore lookalike really an alien? Is Strangehaven really just a small remote village?)
0/0
5.0
987984000
B000056HRD
Al Adamson was always much better at making action films, especially those starring bikers, than the horror films he is mostly known for. "Satan's Sadists", for example, is still one of the best biker films ever made. However, in the early 1970s he found himself stuck with a just completed biker film at a time when the public had grown bored with biker films and stopped attending. So, seeing the success of films about groups of tough women like Roger Corman and Jack Hill's Pam Grier prison films, he decided to change the emphasis of the film and its marketing. Thus Angels' Wild Women was created, placing greater focus on the women in the bike group and ads greatly exaggerating how tough and mean they are were released.Actually, the bikers in the film are quite tame. In contrast to Al's classic "Satan's Sadists", this film provides a positive perspective on bikers. The men do get into a bit of macho posturing, but otherwise they're nice folk looking for fun and freedom.The plot of this film is quite worthwhile, however, and provides an excellent look at the end of an era. When the film was made, the Manson family trials had just occurred, which led those equating Manson's family with the hippies to declare that the hippy movement was dead. This movie, which was largely shot at the Spahn ranch, out of which Manson operated, taps into this.The plot is simple: The females of the Angels gang are left on their own while the men attend a convention with another gang. One of the Angels gets involved with a love cult run by a sadist while visiting a ranch, and it is up to the other women to try to get her out after she learns that the leader is a criminal. Thus tragedy enters the Angels' attempt at creating a new society based on love and freedom. The women are all portrayed strongly and positively, however, it is up to the men to come to their rescue in the end. As with most of Adamson's action films, not all the good guys survive, and a certain level of sadness underlines the fun and excitement.Though a well acted and directed movie with a decent script, Angels' Wild Women is more like a good action movie than great art like "Easy Rider", but is similar in its bitter-sweet examination of the end of an era.
10/11
4.0
1038355200
B00006IJ1X
Hey, I'm a big fan of the Big Bamboozler going back to his days as a Bad Seed. And while he has always been too self-concious to be the next Miles Davis, he has always been cool in his own way. Unfortunately, he seems to have lost his edge on King of Nothing Hill. It is still kind of cool, but no more cool than the occassional jazz songs Sesame Steet did in the 1970s (you know, like: 12345678...910). Only slightly more legit than the Shuffle Demons (a reference only Canadians will understand).Perhaps it's a self-parody?
2/4
3.0
1059350400
0385265204
This volume of world history in comic book form is priceless! The artwork is not the greatest, but it is certainly competent and accomplishes its job. But what makes this book worthwhile is its alternative take on history. Instead of focusing on stories about famous conquerors (although they are not ignored), it is about what history must have been like for the average person, all with a rather biting, cynical sense of humour. For example, it shows WHY Socrates was hated so much (because, like such 1960s gurus as Timothy Leary he helped turn young people into rebellious thinkers who questioned the sacredly held opinions of their parents, whether or not Socrates did so intentionally). Gonick turns historic figures into living, breathing people instead of mere acts or ideas.The Cartoon History doesn't quite reach the level of social criticism of A People's History of the United States, nor will it tear down your current understanding of historic events, but it still manages to be very iconoclastic merely by pointing out the silliness of humans throughout history (illustrating how little we've changed!) and through its more 'common person's' perspective.
6/6
5.0
993513600
B000066740
I was disappointed by the two main features on this DVD, both of which I give 3 stars individually, while the extras as a whole get 5 stars, especially thanks to the amazing "Morality in Crisis".The problem with these films is that they are way too sympathetic to juvenile delinquents and avoid becoming too over-the-top. The fun with old j.d. films is when they really exaggerate the problems with youths and show them to be almost a different species from adults instead of young confused teens reacting to equally clueless adults. However, these films give a relatively balanced portrayal of both the teens and the adults. This is a good thing for those trying to be educated, but a bad thing for fans of old exploitation movies looking to be entertained. Furthermore, the adults in both films are just too level-headed to be funny. There is also very little action, except for some actual mild prison riot footage near the beginning of Jacktown. Both films are very talky. They are still interesting films and are naive to a degree. And "Lost, Lonely and Vicious" has a lead character clearly based upon James Dean. But the DVD is mostly worthwhile because of the value of getting two films plus the extras on one disc.In contrast to the main features, "Morality in Crisis", made by the Bible Institute of LA, is an alarmist load of fun full of misinformation about what the Bible says about private morality. The best part of this short involves an very overweight police Sgt. who can barely speak because he's so nervous in front of the camera showing off samples of the police department's stash of drugs, and there's a scene in which the short's host unintentionally gives j.d.s tips on how to make homemade weapons.Another short, "Little Miss Delinquent", which I believe was filmed in Toronto, is also level-headed and balanced, but still manages to be of great interest thanks to the absolutely amazing performance by the lead female. Unfortunately, there are no credits given and I have no idea if she continued with an acting career, but I'd be interested to find out.There are also some great trailers for films which appear to be much more entertaining j.d. films than the main features.If you already own the better j.d. films available, such as Ed Wood's "Violent Years", this makes a nice addition, but there are better films available.
5/5
4.0
1029801600
1569714932
This is a collection of short stories about Hunter Rose, the first character in Matt Wagner's Grendel mythos to have been possessed by the dark force known as Grendel. Each of the short stories are beautifully illustrated in diverse styles by such talented artists as Teddy Kristiansen, Tim Bradstreet, Mike Allred, Matt Wager, etc. in a wonderfully clever black, white and red colour scheme. The black and white helps bring out the noir mood of the stories (and is well suited Grendel's black and white costume), while the red highlights such items as the blood and roses closely associated with Hunter Rose and Grendel. This technique is not fully innovative (see Miller's Sin City series and some arthouse movies), but is well done here. The stories are all by Matt Wagner and are, of course, well written. Unfortunately, some aspects of the stories rob them of their full power.First of all, if you are nonfan and not familiar with Grendel/Hunter Rose, those stories whose purpose is mainly to flesh out his history are not very meaningful. You get a glimpse at his story, but that's it. Secondly, if you are a fan familiar with the characters, the fact that they were only around for a extremely brief, although brilliant run and are now a long dead and forgotten part of the mythos in more recent stories also renders the increased background of Hunter Rose less meaningful (and no new insight into the Grendel entity itself is offered). It is not unlike the black character in Kubrick's version of the Shining: sure, he was interesting in the beginning, but there was no point bringing him back into the story just to get killed by an axe. Mayber Wagner will prove me wrong when he finally takes back control of the series.Fortunately, I believe it is still possible for readers, even casual ones, to get caught up in the short stories whose focus are more upon nonrecurring characters (thus we get their complete story). However, while those stories are effective examples of noir literature, they are all too brief for the reader to get as tied up with the characters as one would wish and the supernatural/superhero aspects of these stories also take away from their effectiveness.Matt Wagner covered noir territory far more effectively in his Sandman Mystery Theatre series. Still, this collection is a rather handsome volume.
2/4
4.0
991180800
B000OVFF1O
I am a big fan of black humour, but Oblong lacks the style and sophistication of an Edward Gorey, the cuteness of Roman Dirge, or the social critique of Jhonen Vasquez. The story &quot;Debbies&quot;, for example, does take an unoriginal stab at cliques (see the movie Heathers), but is very weak as satire. It does reminds me of the fun I had as a little kid telling gross and ridiculous stories around campfires (it is, after all, very juvenile), however at $25 for one panel of art per page it is not at all worthwhile. Perhaps if it came out as a thin, cheap comic book I would buy it, but only then.
6/14
2.0
987724800
0970936303
This book was put together in order to fund the defence of cartoonist Danny Hellman whose freedom of speech is being attacked by the subject of a harmless satirical e-mail (cartoonist Ted Rall) via a $1.5 million libel suit. Hellman created his satirical e-mail as a response to Ted Rall's accusations, published in the Villiage Voice, that Art Spiegleman is some sort of dictator who controls the cartooning industry in New York (apparently Rall reserves greater freedom of speech for himself).Considering that the contributers include Doug Allen, Gary Leib, Sam Henderson, Johnny Ryan, Michael Kupperman (AKA P. Revess) etc. (see above for some more impressive names), this anthology should be a lot better than it actually is. Unfortunately, much of the book is taken up by reprints from publications that are likely already owned by anyone interested in this book. The Allen and Leib work is mostly reprinted from Idiotland, the Doucet is from Idiotland and Dirty Plotte, most of the Millionaire is from Dirty Stories Vol. II, etc. Also, most of these reprints are not even the various artists' stronger works. As for the new stuff, when it isn't taking (often funny) stabs at Ted Rall, it tends to be lightweight and silly. For example, James Kolchalka has a series of useless one page stories about a frog getting an erection while looking at various inanimate objects (like a phone), and many others are dumb stories about &quot;Dirty&quot; Danny Hellman playing (neither real nor realistic) pranks. Thus most of the strips by, e.g., Sam Henderson (normally a hillarious cartoonist) are just plain stupid.There is enough standout material (e.g. Michael Kupperman's strips (although for some reaons they print one of his really short strips twice) and Johnny Ryan's) and it is for a good enough cause that it is definitely still worth getting, but most fans of its fantastic lineup will be disappointed. Ultimately, this book reminds me of one of the Small Press Expo's annual anthologies: thick and worthwhile, but still very hit and miss.
2/3
4.0
1004918400
